#right(){&furigana()&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm11450429)
作詞：DALHIA（[[team-FSR]]）
作曲：DALHIA（[[team-FSR]]）
編曲：DALHIA（[[team-FSR]]）
唄：初音ミク

**曲紹介
-「team-FSR」による全英語詞の曲。

**歌詞
（[[ピアプロ>>http://piapro.jp/content/8hf8im816iu2up8u]]より転載）

Two moons where light was lost

Nail of silver that sticks in wrist

It is watched by infinite stars.

This appearance : without changing.



It is crucified in the small world if it sees in detail.



Memory of old times

Every day when this wrist was free

It was a wing.



It flew over the sky by the wing.

There is a transparent wall in the presence.



The world that doesn't change

Only the needle at time : movement.

I am a black butterfly.

I was born due to a small miracle.

There was no sky there if it noticed.



by being only now ..the enclosure by the wall...

Without understanding whether there from when

This nail deeply carries me out.

Nobody doesn't see the star that flows from two moons.

Even if you know the world that might not change

This wing requests the wind.

I am black butterfly.

To the hand that extends beautifully

The given eternal life destroys the mind.

The world that doesn't change

Only the needle at time : movement.

I am a black butterfly.

I was born due to a small miracle.

There was no sky there if it noticed.



my wing crucified

The world outside only watching

This nail is shaken off.

exceed this cage

If the life stays in this wing

What I feel.

The memory is retraced.

It asks me.



It tied to the chain of the fate.

I am crucified black butterfly.

Ah ... Because the eternity is unnecessary for the life of the lie.


Black butterfly...

**コメント
#comment()