#right(){&furigana()&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
|&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm12124291)|&youtube(http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=39mGP4leyfE){330,247}|
作詞：[[さはら]]
作曲：[[Sweet Revenge]]
編曲：[[Sweet Revenge]]
唄：巡音ルカ

**曲紹介
-オルタナティヴヘヴィロック。私がやりたかった音楽がやっとできた、っていう感じです。(PIAPRO説明文より転載)

**歌詞
（[[PIAPRO>>http://piapro.jp/content/qc3azrx1zjdoc7ib]]より転載）

The air too dense to breathe
Bury me underneath
The graveyard of BITTER GRIEF
Cuz they forsake and leave me
Feeling so deceived
I ain't never got no belief

Why does it rain
Am I all sane
Just cure this pain
Am I insane

Eroding to nothingness, I've got to fight and defend
Now that my heart is torn into pieces and never will it mend
I am loveless again

Can't find nowhere to go
There's just a sense of vertigo
A BITTER BLOW
Circling high and low
In the darkest shadow
Nothing ever seems to follow

Why does it rain
Am I all sane
Can't cure this pain
Am I insane sane insane

Eroding to nothingness, I've got to fight and defend
Now that my heart is torn into pieces and never will it mend
I am loveless again

All the memories rotten
All the names that's forgotten
I'm gonna fight and survive
That's the way I feel alive

Why does it rain
Am I all sane
Tell me if I'm all insane

Eroding to nothingness, I've got to fight and defend
Now that my heart is torn into pieces and never will it mend
I'm loveless again

I know there's something that can help me transcend
So through thick and thin, in this world I have got to fight and defend
Until the BITTER END



#region(和訳)
空気が密集して息もできない
私を埋めてくれ
痛嘆の墓に
見捨てられ　見放され
裏切られたから
信じるべきものを失ったんだ

雨が降る
私は正常だろうか
この痛みを癒してくれ
私は異常だろうか

私は徐々に非実在になるようだ　戦って守り抜かなければ
心が引き裂かれて元には戻らない
また愛無き

行くべき場所も知れない
ただ眩暈の感覚があるだけ
この痛苦
どこまでも行き来する
暗い影の中を
後には何も続かない

雨が降る
私は正常だろうか
この痛みは癒せない
私は異正常異異常だろうか

私は徐々に非実在になるようだ　戦って守り抜かなければ
心が引き裂かれて元には戻らない
また愛無き

すべて記憶は朽ちて
すべて名前は忘れられて
それでも戦い生き抜く
そうすることで私は生を感じる

雨が降る
私は正気か
狂っているのか

私は徐々に非実在になるようだ　戦って守り抜かなければ
心が引き裂かれて元には戻らない
また愛無き

この先を乗り越える術はあるのだろう
だから私は絶え間なく戦って守り抜かなければ
最後のその時まで
#endregion


**コメント
- 圧倒された。もっと評価されるべき！  -- 閃  (2010-11-20 16:07:42)
- 何と言うかっこよさ。素晴らしい。  -- 英  (2010-11-20 23:46:38)
- ほんと、もっと評価されるべきだ  -- 冴  (2010-11-22 22:26:06)
- これ以上の歌には出会えない気がしてきた  -- 蒼  (2010-11-26 18:01:04)
- スキ  -- おえどの  (2010-11-29 10:31:13)
- こんなにハマる歌は久々だ  -- ゆぎ  (2010-12-02 21:02:28)
- 歌ってみたで知ったけどすごく素敵な曲！これはもっと評価されるべき。  -- 幸  (2010-12-09 23:22:29)
- かっこよすぎ。もっと評価されるべき。  -- 名無しさん  (2010-12-10 00:25:44)
- なぜ埋もれている…  -- さな  (2010-12-22 18:10:47)
//- ひっでぇ和訳だな。こんなの載せるくらいなら最初から載せんな邪魔  -- 名無しさん  (2011-01-11 16:49:44)
//- 和訳もPIAPROからの転載ですよ  -- 名無しさん  (2011-02-02 22:01:18)
//- 洋楽の和訳歌詞もこんな感じでしょ？  -- siah  (2011-03-22 21:34:49)
//- 腹話さんの声ヤバイマジカッコよすぎ（o´∀｀o）たまらない!!!!!!!  -- 名無しさん  (2011-05-26 06:08:43)
//- ・・・・・  -- 名無しさん  (2011-05-26 06:13:40)
//- 歌い手の名前を出すのはやめろ  -- 名無しさん  (2011-06-11 13:13:43)
- かっこいい  -- 名無しさん  (2011-06-19 11:23:26)
- かっこいいぃぃ！！  -- 名無しさん  (2011-07-09 15:11:30)
- 歌詞も良いし、カッコイイね。評価されるべきだ。  -- 牙  (2011-09-21 23:10:29)
- もっと評価されるべき。埋もれているのが勿体無い。  -- 名無しさん  (2011-12-03 02:11:29)
- ルカに歌わせて正解。和訳が悲しげだな。  -- うにょ  (2012-03-17 22:30:57)
- 素敵……  -- 餃子  (2014-06-18 20:08:57)
#comment()