#right(){&furigana()&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm12635485)
作詞：[[恋竹林]]
作曲：[[恋竹林]]
編曲：[[恋竹林]]
唄：巡音ルカ

**曲紹介
>今回はファンクロックっぽいナンバーに乗せて可愛い女の子マンセーします。
>ありがとうローリングクレイドルズ！ドゥービー！！
>今回もイラストはもうすぐ恋竹林加入のe-meguさんです！！ステキね！

**歌詞
How can describe moment I see you?
color of the world completely changes.
Everything starts shining.
du da da da da da da 
Even your slite motions make me mad
You're like a butterfly in the sky.

You defuse the vivid scales (Oh,Oh,Ican't catch you)
In the strawberry field.
just you are dancin freely
You must know that everything I want is in your hand

don't make fun of me
don't look down on me
don't go so far away
let me take your hand

Tell me a tip on
The one no one knows
You seem to regard me and the other guys as same
even if some of them look nicer than me
What makes you so hard to understand?
I wanna find the other side what you hide
in your mysterious smile(Oh,Oh,I can't catch you)

In the strawberry field.
just you are dancin freely
You must know that
everything I want is in your hand

don't make fun of me
don't look down on me
don't I go so far away
let me take your hand

I go crazy you
everyday and night
I just follow you
let me see your face

uh,you have never
felt such kinda feeling.
oh,you can take what ever you want in the world

(oh,oh,I can't catch you)
In the strawberry field.
just you are dancin freely
You must know that
everything I want is in your hand

Oh,Oh,I can't catch you...

**コメント
- すいません、初なので間違っているところなどは編集お願いします＞＜  -- 名無しさん  (2010-11-17 21:38:33)
- 記事作ってくれてありがとうございます！ すごくいい歌^^  -- 名無し３  (2010-11-23 19:40:38)
- Butterfly  -- 名無しさん  (2011-06-29 20:48:31)
#comment()