#right(){&furigana()&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm13396285)
作詞：[[さや]]
補作詞：[[オレジナルP]]
作曲：[[オレジナルP]]
編曲：[[オレジナルP]]
唄：巡音ルカ

**曲紹介
>&bold(){Let's dance with this Jazz Samba!}
-ホーンセクションが彩るダンサブルなJazz Samba曲。軽快なリズムに乗ってルカが心地良く英語で歌い上げます。
-イラストと動画は[[べて]]氏が手掛ける。
-KarenTレーベルよりダウンロード販売中。→『[[Rainbow Connection／obbligato -オブリガート-]]』

**歌詞
（[[PIAPRO>>http://piapro.jp/content/ap8if3zyp8uvz3bs]]より転載）

One summer day, I happened to meet you at that place.
I'm sure I felt that my heart got warm with you.
I thinking of you, your smile comes to my mind night and day.
But as time goes by, I recognize my memories are dimming.

Were I to gather up tears of you and me,
would I've been able to make a beautiful road?
I'm afraid that you feel the same as me, (wow wow) but I believe so.

I wish someday to be free.
Go to the very place we've met before and then this way.
Link the rainbow connection!
We'll make it after rainy weather for dancing here alone together.
Rainbow Connection!

When it rains, I'm always looking out of the window.
Every time I find myself sighing alone at home.
I told myself "When is this rain going to stop falling?"
While somewhere in the part of my mind, 
I know 'that' doesn't always appear. (Come on, Guitar!)

Should I have described my feelings with words?
(At that time what were you going to say?)
I longed to see you only a moment ago.
(I'm at a loss about how to express my mind.)
The weather's changeable as if it were a mirror,
(A mixture of emotions fogs up my feelings)
which will reflect our moods.

I wish you to understand my thoughts.
No misunderstanding would happen and our relation'd be better.
Link the heart connection!
I would like to speak my mind to you frankly.

I wish someday to be free.
Go to the very place we've met before and then this way.
Link the rainbow connection!
We'll make it after rainy weather for dancing here alone together.
Rainbow Connection!

#region(日本語訳詞)
夏のある日、あの場所で出会えたの
高鳴る胸の鼓動、間違いないかも
寝ても覚めてもあなたの笑顔ばかり
でも時って過酷ね、だんだんと薄れていっちゃう

あなたと私の涙を集められたなら
キレイな架け橋を作るの、上手く出来るかな
同じように感じてるか不安…でもそう信じてる

いつか自由になりたい
そして私たちが出会ったあの場所、あの場所にこうやって向かうの
虹よ、架け橋になれ！
雨上がりにここで二人きりで踊りたいから、ね
レインボーコネクション！


雨の時はいつも窓の外を眺めてばかり
そしてため息をついていることに気付くの
「ねぇ、いつになったら雨は止むの？」と自分にたずねるけど
心のどこかでは分かってるんだ、「それ」はいつも出るわけじゃないってね

この感情、ちゃんと言葉で伝えた方がよかったかな？
　(その時、あなたは何て言おうとしたの？)
ほんのちょっと前なら、あなたにとても会いたかったの
　(気持ちの伝え方が分からなくて途方に暮れて)
天気は私たちの繋がりを映す鏡のように変わりやすいもの
　(まぜこぜの感情がまた私の気持ちを曇らせちゃうの)

私の考え、分かって欲しいな
もう誤解は生じない、私たちの関係もよくなるはず
心の架け橋よ、繋がれ！
今なら素直に私の気持ちを伝えられるかも

そして
いつか自由になりたい
そして私たちが出会ったあの場所、あの場所にこうやって向かうの
虹よ、架け橋になれ！
雨上がりにここで二人きりで踊りたいから、ね
レインボーコネクション！
#endregion


**コメント
- 大好きです！リズムがよいと思います！  -- ワカ  (2012-09-10 21:44:07)
- スタイリッシュすぎる  -- 名無しさん  (2013-06-20 21:35:30)
- ルカ姉発音良ぃですねぇ(≧∪≦）  -- 黒薔薇蝶々  (2013-08-13 00:01:23)
#comment()