#right(){&furigana()&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
|&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm13142213)|&youtube(http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W2abhMCOaRE){330,247}|
作詞：[[フナコシP]]
作曲：[[フナコシP]]
編曲：[[フナコシP]]
唄：初音ミク

**曲紹介
-"つまらない男"を客観的な目線で描いた作品。
-そんな男で大丈夫か？ではなく優しい歌のつもりデス（作者コメントより）
-動画に表示されている英文は、歌詞を英訳したもの。
-動画はとりっちょ氏が手掛けている。何から何まで。
-KarenTレーベルよりダウンロード販売が行われている。ただし、作品名、曲名ともに『&bold(){Boringman DANCE}』と改題されている。

**KarenT配信
&ref(http://karent.jp/npdca/632_20110112210330_0240_0240.jpg)

|CENTER:前作|CENTER:今作|CENTER:次作|
|CENTER:[[なんて小粋な常套句]]|CENTER:&bold(){Boringman DANCE}|CENTER:[[想うの事]]|

流通：配信
発売：2011年2月2日
価格：￥150
レーベル：[[KarenT>>http://karent.jp/album/632]]
ジャケットイラスト：[[フナコシ>フナコシP]]

|&bold(){[[iTunes Storeで購入>>http://itunes.apple.com/jp/album/boring-man-dance-single/id416307903]]}|

***曲目
+Boringman DANCE （feat. 初音ミク）


**歌詞
//（[[引用元のサイト>>引用元のURL]]より転載）
This is…
何度言えば伝わりますか
理由なんて何も無いのに
何所がいい？とか何度も訊く
プライドの高いつまんない男

しないでよ気にしないでよ
ほら勉強とかなら出来るでしょ
褒められないと不安なのなら
私じゃない誰か選んでよ

誘導的尋問
欲しい言葉見え見えあざといね
自信の有るふり疲れるよね
口先だらけの寂しい男

解ったよもう解ったよ
その夢物語が凄いって事
五月蠅いよでも五月蠅いよ
壁に向かってでも話してろよ

そんな事どうでもいいよ
二人の時他愛のない話で埋め尽くして
笑えればね　いいのにね

存在大きく見せてても周りは解ってる
皆がそれを言わないのは打算が働いてるからね

もう剥がれてる　ほらばれている
必死になって塗り固めたイメージは綻びていく
私の微熱も下がっていく

このまんま死んでもいいと思える程
抱きあって心満たし合えれば良かったのにね

良かったのに

だからもう無理しなくていいよ
だからもう無理しなくていい
最初から自分の事信じててよ


#region(対訳)

これ…
How many times do I need to explain my feelings to you?
I don't have any meaning.
What is my good point?
You asked me the stupid questions.
You are a man who doesn't have charm.

No! Do not worry!
Well. You can get good mark in your study, can't you?
If you feel anxiety, when you are not praised by others.
That is not my business. Please, ask other one.

Induced questions.
You want to be comforted by nice words, don't you?
It's very disagreeable!
It is tough work to pretend that
you have perfect confidence in your ability, isn't it?
Glib & lonely a man. Yo, man!

Understand!
I understood that your fantastic dream story is wonderful.
Shut up! Shut up!
Speak to a wall! Yo, man!

What you want is not useful for me.
I want to enjoy time we are talking trivial story triflingly.

I hope that.

People know you, even though you pretend you are great parson.
The reason why people don't say anything is
because they know what you want to be said.

Come off your inside. Come out your inside.
Image of you which you have build up your self are coming apart.
My slight fever is cooling down.

I wished that we holding each other,
love each other until we think we ca die together.

I hoped...

So, you don't need to pretend as good parson yourself.
You don't need build good image of you.
Believe yourself from the beginning.
#endregion


**関連動画
&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm13321977)

**コメント
- センスが好きかも  -- 名無しさん  (2011-07-21 13:33:52)
- いーよね！  -- RinRin  (2011-08-03 05:39:10)
#comment()