#right(){&furigana()&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
|&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm12871448)|&youtube(http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lw82S6nZK4w){330,247}|
作詞：[[Shig（かなしい係P）]]
作曲：[[Sweet Revenge]]
編曲：[[Sweet Revenge]]
唄：巡音ルカ

**曲紹介
-15作品目です。ゴシックなのかな?（ピアプロコメントより）

**歌詞
（[[ピアプロ>>http://piapro.jp/content/i6c7wwyb5mycnq2o]]より転載）

You stopped suddenly,
So I grasp your hands.　
Your beats was going down weaker and weaker

Do you recognize you and me?
Do you reconstruct you and me?
Before lose my mind because of the beats...

Long ago,
Slash off the future, the past, and more...
Still linger, my head, your head, and...

It could be eternally Fatal Farewell.
Nobody knows whether to come back here.
It could be eternally Fatal Farewell.
My beats drew back...


Praying to him in the dawn sky.
Praying to him in the dusk fall.
My body was breaking down smaller and smaller

Is all of us good as it is?
Is all of us bad as it is?
Beyond slight my life, this knife picked me up...

Long ago,
Slash off the future, the past, and you...
Still linger, thorny path.
Go to the Bad

It could be eternally Fatal Farewell.
Nobody knows whether to come back here.
It could be eternally Fatal Farewell.
Goodbye the girl some time other


I hear that our hearts beat
and stop and beat and stop and stop.
I shall live at the risk of my life,
come back without dying for us.


It could be eternally Fatal Farewell.
Nobody knows whether to come back here.
It could be eternally Fatal Farewell.
But they pull my hands.

It could be Fatal Day.
It could be Fatal Farewell.
I never let it Farewell.
I want you keep on beating till I back.


#region(和訳)
（[[ピアプロ>>http://piapro.jp/content/jeqb3r44uqft6ki8]]より転載）

あなたが突然止まるから
私はぎゅっと手を握ったのです
命のリズムがもたついていって、弱く、弱くなっていって

あなたは私たちが判るのでしょうか
あなたは私たちを思い出せるのでしょうか
命のリズムで狂ってしまう前に

遠い昔に
幸せも、想い出も、たくさんのものが斬り捨てられて
まだ残っているのは、私と、あなたと、あの、

それはきっと決定的な別れになってしまう
帰ってこれるかすら判らないのだから
そう、それはきっと決定的な別れになってしまうのです
だから私は動けないままに


朝が来ては祈り
夜が来ては祈り
私のカラダは粉々になっていって、小さく、小さくなっていって

このままでいいのでしょうか
このままではだめなのでしょうか
生き尽く先　この刃は連れて行ってくれますか

遠い昔に
幸せも、想い出も、あなたも斬り捨てられて
まだ残っているのは、険しき茨の道
ただ向かっていけばいいのですか

それはきっと決定的な別れになってしまう
帰ってこれるかすら判らないのだから
そう、それはきっと決定的な別れになってしまうのです
さよなら私　いつかまた


あなたと私の鼓動が
振れて　止まって　
振れて　止まって　止まって
死ぬ気で生きて　死なずに帰るよ
私たちのために


それはきっと決定的な別れになってしまう
帰ってこれるかすら判らないのだから
そう、それはきっと決定的な別れになってしまうわ
でも私の手を引いてくれる人がいるの

それはきっと運命的な日になる
そう、それはきっと運命的な日なの
でもそれは絶対に別れじゃないわ
だから、私が帰ってくるまで命の鼓動を絶やさないで

#endregion

**コメント
//- 1ｺﾒ ゲット(●ﾟ∀ﾟ●)  -- 神楽  (2011-04-19 19:06:23)
#comment()