#right(){&furigana(Addicted)【検索用:&furigana()&space(2)登録タグ:&tags() 】}
#region(close,目次)
目次
#contents()
#endregion
|&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm12380125)|
作詞：[[Circus-P]]
作曲：[[Circus-P]]
編曲：[[Circus-P]]
唄：初音ミク

**曲紹介
-私は英語で初音ミクを使用して曲を作りたいと思って！私はそれが非常に...この曲は何か初音ミクの中毒についてですが、理解ではないと思う。私は、あなたがそれが何であるかを推測することはできません賭ける！お楽しみください！(ご容赦ください私の日本語を。私は翻訳を使用しましたOTL)
-I wanted to make a song using Miku in English! I don't think it's very understandable though...This song is about Miku's addiction to something. I bet you can't guess what that is! ;D Please enjoy! (Please pardon my Japanese. I used a translator OTL)（作者コメより転載）
-その後、削除されたが、2014年5月26日に「[[Addicted (revised version)]]」としてリメイクされた。

**歌詞
My one desire
A burning fire
It can't expire
Do not conspire
I need it now
Get rid of my frown
I can not see how...?
I'm not a cow!!

☆Oh baby, why can't you see?
　I'm addicted to you...
　I need you, so I let go
　I can't live, I need you...

★I'm addicted to you, It's not healthy
　Without you Ima crash
　I need you so much, baby
　But you don't see
　But you don't feel the same 'bout me
　You got me
　Addic-

You know you want me
I know you can't see
Why are you not free?
Please hear out my plea
You're so hard to get
I can't help but fret
Who is that threat?
Let's make a bet! D:

☆繰り返し

Addicted to you, it's not good for me...
Without you I crash, I need you to be...
Addicted to you, it's not good for me...
Without you I crash, I need you to be...

★繰り返し

I'm addicted to you, It's not healthy
Without you Ima crash
I need you so much, baby
But you don't see
But you don't feel the same 'bout me
You got me
Addicted

**コメント
- 動画の読み込みに失敗して歌詞を動画から天気できん  -- 追加した人  (2011-04-13 23:30:53)
- ↑それなら大丈夫。歌詞追加しました。  -- 名無しさん  (2011-04-14 20:49:05)
- ↑助かったありがとー  -- 追加した人  (2011-04-14 21:36:16)
- この曲可愛い！  -- 名無しさん  (2011-06-01 10:24:04)
- この歌詞だれか和訳してくれ  -- 名無しさん  (2011-06-07 21:14:19)
- ピアプロにあったぞ ttp://piapro.jp/t/B5PO  -- 名無しさん  (2011-10-18 23:12:54)
- これ、英語音源出てない時のミク曲だよね？すごいですわ。  -- わっつ  (2014-02-17 16:07:18)
#comment()
