#right(){&furigana(Repeat)【検索用:&furigana()&space(2)登録タグ:&tags() 】}
#region(close,目次)
目次
#contents()
#endregion
|&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm12469827)|&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm12489478)|
作詞：[[Circus-P]]
作曲：[[Circus-P]]
編曲：[[Circus-P]]
唄：[[初音ミク]]（初音ミク版）、[[SONIKA]]（SONIKA版）

**曲紹介
>&bold(){私はこの曲のクールなアイディアだと思った！私はあなたがそれを願っています！}
>&bold(){I thought this would be a cool idea for a song! I hope you like it!}（作者コメより転載）
曲名：『&u(){Repeat}』
-ミク版は削除されており、現在はSONIKA版のみ視聴可能。
-2012年にはリメイク版「Repeat Ⅱ」がYouTube上に投稿された。

**歌詞
On Repeat
You can't escape
The hardcore beat
I'm on Repeat-On Repeat

DJ, Crank the beat
Just for me
On Repeat, Oh
On Repeat, Oh
I just need
To let free
To chear my mind, Oh
Just one time, Oh
On the floor
I need more
Just gotta let go
Just gotta let go
My mind's gone
Nothing's wrong
I'm on Repeat, Oh
On Repeat, Oh

☆It's taking over
　It's under my skin
　My head is a blur
　I just gotta let it in
　It's burning inside
　Just gotta let go
　We will be your guide
　Welcome to the show

★On Repeat
　You can't escape
　The hardcore beat
　I'm on Repeat-On Repeat
　Don't stop moving
　'Til the night's over
　It's under your skin
　We're on Repeat-On Repeat

I can't control it
I can't quit
I'm on repeat, Oh
I'm on repeat, Oh
Turn it up
Can't get enough
Oh It's taken over
It's taken over
I'm a slave
All I crave
I gotta move, oh
I gotta move, oh
Tonight's gone
What went wrong?
LET'S GO IN REVEL'S GO IN REVERSE（逆再生）

☆繰り返し

★繰り返し

I am on repeat
In repeat
I'm repeating...

I can't stop!	

★繰り返し×2

On Repeat
You can't escape
The hardcore beat
I'm on Repeat-On Repeat


**関連動画
|リメイク版「Repeat Ⅱ」|h
|&youtube(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gShqxIBXWC8){342,187}|

**コメント
- 本場の英語か…いいですねSONIKA  -- ボカロでR＆Bか  (2011-10-27 20:12:35)
- えっ！？ミクが本家だったんだ。聴きたかったな(・ω・｀)  -- ぬぬぬ  (2013-06-17 14:10:13)
- すみません。本家とか言ってしまって。そんなこと書いてありませんよね。  -- ぬぬぬ  (2013-06-17 14:11:15)
- いい声(o^^o)名曲。  -- gon  (2017-09-29 00:22:07)
#comment()

//※編集できる方。不適切なコメントを排除する場合は、削除するのではなくコメントアウトでお願いします。
#include(曲の追加の仕方/告知)