#right(){&furigana(でたとことるばどぅーる) &furigana()【登録タグ:&tags() 】}
|&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm2427142){340,185}|&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm4701066){340,185}|
|&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm11867103){340,185}|&nicovideo(sm12017734)|
作詞：[[さだまさP]]
作曲：[[さだまさP]]
編曲：[[さだまさP]]
唄：KAITO（オリジナル）、神威がくぽ（カバー）、BIG-AL（カバー）

**曲紹介
-「幸せになれる嘘は不幸にする真実に勝る」なぜなら信じれば本当になってしまうから。&br()そんなお調子者の吟遊詩人の歌。
-JOYSOUNDカラオケ投票記念にがくぽ版も投稿された。
-「Glibly Troubadour」のタイトルでBIG-ALが歌う英語版も投稿されている。
-五竜亭RPGの吟遊詩人、ヒースクリフに影響を受けている。

**歌詞
俺は流しの吟遊詩人さ歌を歌って一年過ごす
すごい冒険を歌に残してみんなに夢を配って歩く
今日は王宮に招待されて王様の若い日の冒険を聞く
「美人の娘を魔物から救って自分の后に迎えた」らしい
（げっ!どう考えてもこれはブサイクだろ）
そうだひらめいたこのように歌おう
「その娘高貴さにはいかな男も寄せ付けず」
俺は嘘など言ってない
だって出来れば近づきたくない

俺は流しの吟遊詩人さ歌を歌って日銭を稼ぐ
金持ちの家を次から次へと回ってヨイショな話を作る
今日のカモは街一の金持ち「俺の武勲を残しておけ！」と
「ドラゴンの洞窟に単身忍んでお宝奪って逃げてきたんだ♪」
（えーとすいません。戦ってないんじゃないですか？）
そうだひらめいたこうやって歌おう
「その男のその足はいかな魔物も寄付けず」
俺は嘘など言ってない
だから汚い足を近づけるな

俺は流しの吟遊詩人さいつかは故郷へ錦を飾る
金を稼いで素敵な姫とゴージャスな余生を楽々過ごす
ある日目の前で倒れる少女三日三晩何も食べられなくて
「私はもう直ぐ死ぬのだろうけど一度はお姫様になりたかったな」
（困った･･･俺に出来ること何もないのかな）
そうだひらめいたこうやって歌おう
「姫君は歌のうまい王子様とここで会った」
俺は嘘などついてない
だって今日からお前は俺の嫁

**歌詞（英語版）
I’m strolling troubadour. I'm pride of performance.
Living with Singing song any time everyware

I’ll take a lot of tales made by great heros
Yes, I sing about them for give you a lot of dreams 

I went to palace to hear king's old story
when he was a young fighter,and fight very bravely 

I hear he saved beautiful girl from strong monsters
and he get married her and now she is his wife,queen…

Gee… how can I song her as beautiful?

I got an idea! I’ll sing about her like this way

“Every people can’t see her 
because she is so noble”

You call me as a liar?
No… no no no !

Do you think to see her?
“Noooo!” …Me too!

I’m strolling troubadour.I'm proud of resonant voice.
Earning with Singing song every day every song

I’ll make many flattery story
For rich men like a bee
Buzzing about flowers to get much sweet honey

I caught a man who is most rich man in this town
He told me a episode of his young bravery

'In old time I entered dragon's cave alone and I stole a teasure and run away quickly'

'' Excuse me Sir... Didn't you fight dragon? ''

I got an idea! I’ll sing about him like this way
“Every Evil can't come near becase of his great footsteps”

You told me a liar? No no no no no
So Please don't bring the smelling foot close to me.

I’m strolling troubadour.I have an ambitiousness
Someday I back home town as a greatest music perfomer.

I will earn money and live with pretty princess
I will spend gorgeous time peacefully forever.

I found a girl collapsed in street.
She said she is not eating anything for a long long time
'I think I die in a few days...but I had a dream
Once I wanted to be like a princess'

Oh my god.　Can I do anything for her?

I got an idea! I’ll Sincerely sing for her
'princess met handsome prince singing well at now this street'

You told me a liar? No no no no no
So lady please take my hand and marry with me

**コメント
- 最後がっ…！カッコいいー！！  -- 姫虎  (2009-07-10 20:54:04)
- ピアプロでは出たとこトルバ「ト」ゥール  -- 名無しさん  (2009-10-28 17:52:58)
- ひさびさに聞いたがやっぱりいいなぁｗｗｗ  -- 名無しさん  (2010-08-16 20:23:07)
#comment()
