#right(){&furigana(びっとうぃーんざぶらっくあんどほわいと)&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm13443192)
作詞：[[あえりあ]]
作曲：[[あえりあ]]
編曲：[[あえりあ]]
唄：巡音ルカ

**曲紹介
&bold(){この曲は、俺にきっかけを与えてくれた"たまらんP"、&br()俺をサポートしてくれた"夜鳴夜叉タン"に捧げます。}
-巡音ルカ誕生際2011にてアップロードされた楽曲。
-動画とイラストはOrgaが担当
-スペシャルサンクスとして[[たまらんP]]と[[夜鳴夜叉]]がクレジットされている。

**歌詞

As hard as i failed was as hard as tried.
Faith is (a) shield that I'll hold together
every step of the way.
I am facing the life.

I'm like a man who's blind.
In the midst of a thousand voices.
I get the strength to divide.
I won't waste my time.
My friend, you're never alone.
If you want to me, i break it all.
So you're prepared to live your life.
It's alright, my friends.

You absence weighs more than someone else's presence.
I'm screaming at you.

This scene needs a change,
we are gonna give it to you.
This scene needs a change,
I need a change.

There is something you all really need to know

Let's get on with this tonight.
Do what (the) pages tell us.
Buried in the bed.
Think back a failure.

We even across thousand nights,
We've never seen it all.
So I tell you things I've seen my all.
You're going to move forward.

Turn my pages.
Before I die,
I want to be your foundation.
Please tell me, 
if your enemy has appeared.

I kill'em all.
I kill your enemy.

We even across thousand nights,
We've never seen it all.
So I tell you things I've seen my all.
You're going to move forward.

**歌詞の日本語訳

私は失敗の数と同じ位に挑戦をしてきた。
信念と言う盾をどんな時も掲げ続ける。
私は人生と向き合っている。

私は盲目の様
幾千の声が響く中
断ち切る力を手に入れた。
私は時間を無駄にしない。
君はけして孤独じゃない。
もし君が僕に望む私はそれらを壊す。
だから君は覚悟して人生を生きるんだ。
それでも大丈夫さ。

誰かが居る事よりも、君がいない事実の方が重い。
私は君に向かって叫んでいるんだよ。

この世界を変えよう、私たちが変えよう。
この世界を変えよう、私も変わりたい。

本当に知らなければいけない事がある。

今夜はこのまま行こう。
ページが語るままに。
ベットに埋もれろ。
自分の失敗を思い返せ。

私達は幾千の夜を越えても、
全てを見てくることは出来ない。
だから私の見てきた事全てを君に伝えるよ。
君は邁進していって。

自分のページをめくる。
私は死ぬ前に
君の礎になりたい。
もしも君に敵が現れたなら
私に教えて欲しい。

私が彼らを殺す。
私が君の敵を殺す。

私達は幾千の夜を越えても、
全てを見てくることは出来ない。
だから私の見てきた事を君に伝えるよ。
君は邁進していって。

**コメント
#comment()