#right(){&furigana(なっしんぐれふとふぉーみー)&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm12108994)
作詞：[[あえりあ]]
作曲：[[あえりあ]]
編曲：[[あえりあ]]
唄：巡音ルカ

**曲紹介
-あえりあにとっては初のVOCALOIDオリジナル楽曲。
--その前に般若心経メタルコアを作っていたことは別に秘密でもなんでもない。
-今作は英語ルカの上にメタルコア作品に仕上がっている。
-イラストと動画をWeatherH、エンコードをDEATH姫が担当。

**歌詞
（歌詞カードより転載）

fraud.

that the world is slowly ending,
and someday there will be no humans.
but if it's true,
then what are we living for?

it must be far to painful,
living a miserable life in a world filled with despair.
I seemed that I had somehow fallen into the sea of worthlessness
Or perhaps I had never even taken off to begin with
I could'nt shut my eyes from that reality

i can't found mine.
the meaning to my being here
and now there's nothing left for me.
i don't want them to suffer like i did
I may be trying to atone.
trying to atone. 

days full of happiness that i never noticed.
i have lost that time,
You will walk this life as how ever unchanging.
the impulse that was moving me forward is disappearing.

The sky is falling me down.
Ask forgiveness as this little white.
And I remember to close my eyes gently.
Landscape and I, gradually dyed.

We are in the bed,
Repeat the blunder of the past recall.

Than necessary, like self-mutilation.
If I was not me at that time
I bet me will fail and allowed.
But it's not absolutely. 

never born again, myself.
i wish i could rebuild my lives.
but it's Foolish delusion.
Don't involving people in my mistake.

I never born again.

I just wish my pulse stopped buried in snow.


**歌詞の日本語訳

偽り

世界はゆっくりと終わりに近づいていて、
いつの日か人類は滅びるだろう。
だがもしそれが本当なら、
私たちは何の為に生きているの？

こんな残りカスの世界、絶望の中で哀れに生きるなんて淋しいだろう。
私はどうやら不毛の海へと落ちてしまったらしい
いや、最初から飛び立ってさえいなかったかもしれん
その事実に目をつむってはならぬ

そして私は見つけられなかった。
私がここにいる意味を。
そして俺にはもう何も残されていない。
彼らには私のような思いをさせたくない。
私は罪滅ぼししようとした。
罪滅ぼしを。

気づかないままに終わってしまった俺の満たされていた日々。
俺はその時間を失ってしまった。
あなたはまた今と変わらぬ人生を歩むことだろう
私を衝き動かしていた物が消えていく。

空が私へと落ちてくる。
この小さな白に許しを乞う。
そして私は静かに目を閉じて思い出す。
風景と私は少しずつ染められていく。

私たちはベットの中で、
過去の失態を繰り返し思い出す。

必要以上に、自傷的に。
あの時の私が私でなかったならば、
きっとあの失敗を許したでしょう。
だけどそれは絶対にない事。

私よ、もう生まれてこないでください。
私は人生をやり直すことを望んでいました。
だけどそれは愚かな妄想なのです。
私の過ちで人を巻き込んではいけないのです。

もう生まれてこないよ。

雪に埋れて私の脈が止まってくれたら良い。

**コメント
- こういう曲が埋もれるのは悲しい。もっと評価されないかなぁ。  -- 名無しさん  (2013-02-12 22:58:03)
#comment()