#right(){&furigana(SouthernCross)【検索用:&furigana()&space(2)登録タグ:&tags() 】}
#region(close,目次)
目次
#contents()
#endregion
|&nicovideo(sm15918175)|
作詞：[[reira]]
作曲：[[agrooveP]]
編曲：[[agrooveP]]
唄：[[巡音ルカ]]

**曲紹介
>&bold(){年中常夏な南の国でのとあるラブソング}
曲名：『&u(){Southern Cross}』(&u(){さざん　くろす})

**歌詞
（[[ピアプロ>>http://piapro.jp/t/O8uF]]より転載）

Shooting star shines brilliantly in the sky in the south.
(流れ星が輝いている)
Please kiss me at any time. Only it's all of me.
(いつも私にキスをして、それだけが全てなの)

The voice to calling me concealed me under this wave.
(私を呼び声が、波の下へと隠したの)
I restrain your uneasy feelings Only it's all.
(不安な貴方を鎮めます、それだけが全てなの)

The especially time that had been spent with you gave me a wonderful dream.
(貴方と綴った日々が私に夢を与えてくれた）
Forever and ever.
(永遠に)
It's one of the so sweet memories of me.
(とても甘い記憶)

Scenery is memorized that the evening sun was very beautiful.
(夕日がとても綺麗な景色でした)
By the way,You gave the word for which I really hoped. The word is...
(それは置いておいて、貴方は私が欲しい言葉をくれました)
"I love you"
(愛していると)
Really...?
(本当に？)

I thought that the thump of one's heart stopped.
(鼓動が止まってしまったのかと…)
The sound of the waves seemed to bless your and my fate and to exist.
(貴方と私の運命を波の音が祝福してくれているようで)
Please melt love so that it is not hatched in empty red. 
(孵らない想いを夕焼け色で包んで…)

It is wrapped in the fantasy.
(そうそれは、まるで幻想が包み込んでいきました)

The light of the twinkling star is collected.
(輝く星の光を集めて)
The collected light is reflected to your eyes. 
(貴方の瞳に反します…) 
Don't disappear with a dream like a bubble illusion.
(泡のように潰えてしまわぬように…)

Because I want to see endless dream.
(終わりのない夢を見ていたいから…)

Now let's swear it to the sound of the waves.
(波の音に誓いましょう)
Forever and ever...
(永遠を)
The forgive of all of the sins.
(全ての罪を許すと…)

I love you
(貴方を愛しています)
Even if people all over the world turn on me,I love you.
(例え世界の全てを敵に回しても)
Till death do us part.
(死が二人を分かつまで)

Now let's swear it to the twinkling star.
(輝く星に誓いましょう)
The temperature is transmitted to the lip piled up. 
(重ねた唇に伝わる温度)

I love you…
(貴方を愛しています)
Even if only you and I exist in the world,I love you.
(例え世界に貴方と私だけになっても) 
Lives can happiness.
(幸せを感じ生きていけるから)

Shooting star shines brilliantly in the sky in the south.
(流れ星が輝いている)
Please kiss me at anytime Only it's all of me.
(いつも私にキスをして、それだけが全てなの)

Might you have seen another world if I did not know you, and it did not meet you?
(もし、貴方と出会わなければ…違う世界が待っていたの？)
Please don't inform me of the answer of the question indefinitely. 
(答えを私に何時までも決して知らせないようしてね)

The season that you and I spent is recalled with the sound of the waves.The desire of two people melts at the same time.
(私と貴方で過ごした季節が波の音と共に巡るよ、二人の想いも一緒に溶けて…)
The star twinkles only the number of memories.
(思い出の数だけ夜の星空に瞬いているよ)

Time flies like an arrow.
(光陰矢の如し…)
There is no correctness anywhere. 
(正しさなど、何処にも無いけれど…)

Now…
(今…)
The number of lies piled up is wrapped.
(重ねた嘘の数までも包み込むから…)

Now let's swear it to the sound of the waves.
(波の音に誓いましょう)
Forever and ever…
(永遠を)

In the place where the shower tree blooms. 
(シャワーツリーの花が綺麗に咲き誇る中で)
I meet you…
(貴方と出会いました)

Even if the fate of transient world dream of us,I believe you.
(例え私達にとって泡沫の夢だったとしても、私は貴方を信じている…)
Please connect with me.
(私にずっと着いて来てね…)

Now let's swear it to the twinkling star.
(輝く星に誓いましょう)
Forever and ever…
(永遠を)

Forgive you and all punishment.
(全ての罰を許すと…)
Believe you.
(貴方を信じています)

Even if only you and I exist in the world,Believe you.
(例え世界に貴方と私だけになっても)
Thought is the blossom.
(想いをプルメリアの花に込め…)

Southern Cross shines brilliantly in the sky in the south.
(南十字星が輝いている)
Please kiss me at anytime Only it's all of me.
(いつも私にキスをして、それだけが全てなの)

The voice to calling me concealed me under this wave.
(私を呼び声が、波の下へと隠したの…)
I restrain your uneasy feelings Only it's all. 
(不安な貴方を鎮めます、それだけが全てなの)

//ここから下の文章は削除しないでください。使用する場合があります。
//楽曲制作者あるいは関係者以外が公開した有名な関連動画、楽曲制作者あるいは関係者による公開であっても大幅なアレンジ/二次創作に分類される関連動画はこちらに置いてください。
//**関連動画
//|&nicovideo(ここにニコニコ動画のURLを貼り付け)|&youtube(ここにYouTubeのURLを貼り付け){342,187}|
//
**コメント
- 追加してみました。修正お願いします。  -- 名無しさん  (2011-10-19 00:50:47)
- 綺麗な歌ね……歌詞の追加ありがとうです！  -- 桜音ハル  (2013-08-15 20:00:47)
#comment()

//※編集できる方。不適切なコメントを排除する場合は、削除するのではなくコメントアウトでお願いします。
#include(曲の追加の仕方/告知)