#right(){&furigana()&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm15909649)
作詞：[[花一]]
英歌詞監修：kalon.
作曲：[[花一]]
編曲：[[花一]]
唄：巡音ルカ

**曲紹介
-全編英詞のボカロック。

**歌詞
（[[PIAPRO>>http://piapro.jp/t/1rbP]]より転載 ※日本語歌詞は動画内に記述されたもの）
I need to hold my hands out every time to be understood
&small(){いつだって分かって貰う為に手を伸ばす必要があるんだ}
'till I can hold you back with my words
&small(){僕の言葉が君を引き止めるまで}
Hoping that time would not come for ever
&small(){その時がずっと来なければ良いのに}

Even if i try hard not to notice
&small(){必死に気づかない振りをしようとしても}
the moonless night is getting deeper and deeper
&small(){月灯りさえ無い夜はどんどん深くなって来る}


Now, run away
&small(){さあ、逃げるんだ}
Scraping your life inside
&small(){心の奥の命を削りながら}
It's not the end yet
&small(){まだ終わりじゃない}
I wanna tell you
&small(){君に伝えたいんだ}

So break away
&small(){だから切り捨てて行くんだ}
Before everything falls apart
&small(){全てがバラバラになる前に}
If this encounter is the only truth
&small(){この出会いだけが信じられるのなら}
 
Take my hand
&small(){この手を取って}
Through the freezing rain
&small(){凍える雨を抜けて}
I gotta hug you
&small(){君を抱きしめなきゃ}
Time to freak it out
&small(){震え上がらせる時間が来たんだ}

If your kindness burns yourself out
&small(){その優しさが君自身を焼き尽くすのなら、僕は…}
I will become the snow that covers your ashes
&small(){君の灰を包む雪となろう}
 

We didn't need to talk a lot
&small(){多くを語る必要は無かったけど}
Now we are too close to realize
&small(){今は気づかない程に近づき過ぎてる}
I have lost many things between you and me
&small(){君との間に沢山のものを失っていた}
Without noticing
&small(){気づくことなんて無く…}


We are really close but not the same
&small(){僕たちは本当に似て非なるものだ}
The more you bask in the light, the more My shadow is getting strong and dark
&small(){君が光をその身に受けるほど僕の影は強く深くなる}
Gotta take you somewhere you can live
&small(){君がいられる何処かに連れて行かなきゃ}
 

I feel the devil inside me tells to"Shoot the flower before it falls"
&small(){胸の中の惡魔が「花が散る前に撃ち落せ」と言う気がしているんだ}
I found you wondering inside the endless night
&small(){終わりない夜を彷徨う君を見つけた}
Holding your name
&small(){君の名前を抱えながら}
This is how I burn
&small(){僕はこうして燃え上がる}
 

Now, run away
&small(){さあ、逃げるんだ}
Scraping your life inside
&small(){心の奥の命を削りながら}
It's not the end yet
&small(){まだ終わりじゃない}
I wanna tell you
&small(){君に伝えたいんだ}

So break away
&small(){だから切り捨てて行くんだ}
Before everything falls apart
&small(){全てがバラバラになる前に}
If this encounter is the only truth
&small(){この出会いが唯一の真実なら}

Take my hand
&small(){この手を取って}
Through the freezing rain
&small(){凍える雨を抜けて}
I gotta hug you
&small(){君を抱きしめなきゃ}
Time to freak it out
&small(){全てを震え上がらせるんだ}

Even if your kindness burns me out
&small(){その優しさが君自身を焼き尽くすとしても}
I wanna be here beside you
&small(){此処に居たいんだ}
I'll never gonna leave you
&small(){絶対に見捨てないから}


I wonder where you are going to go?
&small(){君は何処へ行くのだろう}
How much farther can I go with you?
&small(){何処まで一緒に行けるだろうか}
 
**コメント
- かっこいい！！  -- 名無しさん  (2011-12-11 19:03:19)
- Ash大スキだああぁぁあ！ギターも英詞もかっこよすぎる  -- 名無しさん  (2012-03-09 23:21:53)
- うおおお！！  -- 名無しさん  (2012-03-27 05:35:17)
- もっと知られないかな  -- 名無しさん  (2012-07-04 00:25:58)
- ちょーーカッコイイ！  -- 名無しさん  (2014-03-22 15:54:29)
#comment()