#right(){&furigana()&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
|&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm16285269)|&youtube(http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOypKat5GLc){340,190}|
作詞：[[Eyes>Eyes/作り手]]
作曲：[[Eyes>Eyes/作り手]]
編曲：[[Eyes>Eyes/作り手]]
唄：鏡音レン

**曲紹介
-レンの歌声と悲しい歌詞が相まって、重々しい楽曲を盛り上げる。
-イラストはSonnya氏、ギターソロ及びピアノソロはAska氏が担当している。

**歌詞
（配布zip内のtextより転載）

What is to look forward to a day that i'll spend without you?
the sadness hopefully will fade away ooh

I stare afar this morning sky
I am alone, remembering,
trying to fool myself
can't take it, I can't stop this wounds
the irony of this bright sky

if i have a chance to hold you now
even if its just one last time
Let me embrace you and
Let me devour from lies and this agony

And if I can see the light in your eyes,
then I am sure DARKNESS will end
so let me scream those words kept inside me
and let my voice just fade.

The courage that I have, is it not enough to make you stay?
Is it too much to hope that you'd be here?

The sound that resonates my soul
it cannot wait any longer
I wanna see you, wanna hear your voice
Please help me stop these tears...

if i have a chance to turn back now
even if its just one last time
Let me embrace you and
Let me just drown from your lies
for eternity

And if I can see the light in your eyes,
then I am sure DARKNESS will fade
so let me scream those words kept inside me
and let my voice just DIE.

if I have a chance to hold you now
even if its just one last time
Let me embrace you and
Let me devour from lies
for eternity

And if I can see the light in your eyes,
then I am sure DARKNESS will fade
So let me scream those words this time--
"I'm afraid of losing you."


**コメント
- これは凄い！  -- 名無しさん  (2011-12-24 10:25:10)
#comment()