#right(){&furigana(くらやみのすきゃなー)&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm16488385)
作詞：[[山本ニュー]]
作曲：[[クヌースP]]
編曲：[[クヌースP]]
唄：初音ミク

**曲紹介
>きみはぼくの一部　いつでもきみを感じる
-「[[花物語]]」「[[アンラッキー・ガール]]」に続く、クヌースP×山本ニューの第3弾。
-レトロフューチャー歌謡ポップな超ナウいナンバー。本人（大人）たちは大真面目。
-イラストは [[dolly>>http://piapro.jp/ondai]] 氏、動画・CGはちよこ_T氏。
-KARENTレーベルよりダウンロード販売が行われている。

**音楽配信
&ref(http://karent.jp/npdca/954_20111221205702_0280_0280.jpg)

|CENTER:前作|CENTER:今作|CENTER:次作|
|CENTER:[[あたしタマゴ]]|CENTER:&bold(){暗闇のスキャナー}|CENTER:[[26時のラヴィラビ]]|

流通：配信
発売：2012年1月11日
価格：￥150
レーベル：[[KARENT>>http://karent.jp/album/954]]
ジャケットイラスト：[[dolly>>http://piapro.jp/ondai]]

|&bold(){[[iTunes Storeで購入>>http://itunes.apple.com/jp/album//id493487680]]}|

***曲目
+暗闇のスキャナー （feat. 初音ミク）

**歌詞
モニターで追いかけるきみの足あとを
暗い部屋ぼくだけきみのリアルを知る

どこへでも行けばいいきみの声だって
手のひらのチップですべてを聞いている

暗闇のスキャナー
どこかで待ってる
空気に溶けて
きみを抱きしめるよ

きみはぼくの一部
いつでもきみを感じる
目の前スクランブル
ノイズの中で


モニターに映るきみ赤いくちぶるは
LEDのように輝き暗い部屋を照らす

クロームの冷たく黒いそのまなざし
透明なぼくの心を見つめ返す

暗闇のスキャナー
きみだけ待ってる
青いカプセル
噛み砕き飲み込む

きみはぼくの一部
いつでもきみを感じる
目の前スクランブル
ノイズの中で


最後のパラグラフ
解読できない視線
哀しそうに笑う
きみの残像


#region(英訳的ななにか)
英訳的ななにか：山本ニュー

I chase your traces on the monitor.
Only I can know your reality.

You can go anywhere as you like.
I can hear your sigh by this chip in my palm.

A Scanner Darkly.
I'm waiting anywhere you go.
I'm in the air you breath.
I can hold you tight at any time.

You belong to me.
I feel you always.
My sight is scrambled.
I can see you in the noise.


I can see your red lips on the monitor.
It brights my dark room just like LED.

Your glance is cold as the black chrome.
You see my thought though I'm invisible.

A Scanner Darkly.
I'm waiting for nobody but you.
I take a blue pill.
And I swallow it down.

You belong to me.
I feel you always.
My sight is scrambled.
Ican see you in the noise.

You send me the last paragraph.
I cannnot read your eyes.
Now you smile sadly.
And your vision is fading away...
My sight is so confused.
#endregion

**コメント
- いい！！！！！  -- 名無しさん  (2012-01-06 20:02:38)
- これはナウい  -- 名無しさん  (2012-03-27 18:32:45)
#comment()