#right(){&furigana()&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm9805964)
作詞：[[CALFO]]
作曲：[[CALFO]]
編曲：[[CALFO]]
唄：MEIKO

**曲紹介
-全歌詞英語の曲。

**歌詞
（[[PIAPRO>>http://piapro.jp/t/f8FV]]より転載）
Gloomy rainy sky.
It seems to rain all day.
Only clouds look down the street laughingly.

You and me...
──Face to face──
You did it everyday though it was hard work.
──It's phase to faith──
One day, you said "Try this song?" to me.

"Okay,Well...let's go!"
The music awoke my voice.
Your music lighted up my heart.
──Is it still raining?──
I stepped into your world.
I found the light of hope.
Let me feel your mind.
Unfinished song in a corner of the world.
It became all of me.


At the midnight, your hand writing lyrics...stopped.
I said "What's up?", and you said nothing for a while.

Please give the score to me.
...It's well-done for you.
I'll sing it well.
Don't look away.
Do you want to regret for the rest of your life?

Look!! My eyes still shine!
What do you worry so much?
You know my singing voice.
Let me be with you.
My inner voice flows out!
I don't have fear anymore.
I believe in you...I just believe you.
good-bye, rainy sky.
good-bye, sadness days.


For you, just for you, I 'll do that I can do...forever.
In your way, aim at your dream.
Call me, call me now!

Yes, I feel your mind.
I know how hard you did ever.
"It might be a failure."?
In that case, the god might have been traveling somewhere!
My dream is starting up.
Reach out for the light.
The way to higher.
I am calm with you.
The world is waiting for your song!

※日本語意訳
（[[PIAPRO>>http://piapro.jp/t/ubUB]]より転載）

鬱陶しい雨空。
今日はずっと降るのかな。
雲だけが、街を見下ろしながら笑ってる。

私達は…
──まだ──
あなたは毎日頑張っていた。
──まだ足りない──
ある日、"この曲、歌ってみる？"と言うあなた。

"うん、やってみましょ！"
その音楽は私の声を目覚めさせ、
心を照らした。
──雨はまだ降ってる？
あなたの世界に踏み込んで、
希望の光を見つけた。
もっと知りたいな。
世界の片隅にあった、未完成の歌。
それが私の全てになった。


真夜中、あなたの手が止まる。
"調子はどう？"と訊く私に黙り込むあなた。

譜面、見せてよ。
…あなたにしては上出来じゃない？
歌いこなしてみせるよ。
余所見なんかしてると、
一生後悔するからね！

どーよ、私まだまだやれるからね！
何をそんなに心配してるのかな？
私の歌声、知ってるはずでしょ。
力になれないかな？
眠ってた声が溢れ出す！
もう怖い物なんて無いよ。
信じてるからね。
さよなら、雨空。
さよなら、辛かった日々。


私、出来る限りの事をするから、
あなたのやり方で、夢を目指して。
さてと、出番ね！

ちゃんと伝わって来てるよ。
ずっと見て来たからね。
"駄目かもしれない"ですって？
神様が旅行にでも行かなきゃ大丈夫！
まだ走り出したばかり。
その光へ手を伸ばして。
更なる高みへ。
一緒なら平気だよ。
皆にこの歌…届けよう！



**コメント
- 伸びろ、もっと伸びろ！  -- 名無しさん  (2012-09-01 10:22:51)
#comment()