#right(){&furigana()&furigana(はねめがみ)【登録タグ:&tags()】}
|&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm17463954)|&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm29284472)|
作詞：[[Lystrialle]]
作曲：[[Lystrialle]]
編曲：[[Lystrialle]]
唄：VY1

**曲紹介
-人類の事を知らず、人類の崇拝をもらう女神の話。
-『[[VOCALOID3発売記念楽曲コンテスト>>http://blog.nicovideo.jp/niconews/ni034057.html]]』 にて、「ヤマハ賞」優秀賞を受賞。

**歌詞
（[[YouTube動画説明文>>http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DRPzFNs1NTo]]より転載）

白い羽空から降りる
強力な女神の帰り
足は地を着陸する
青い羽は彼周りに散る

浮かぶ、人類の重さなし
羽翼風に担う
足の末接触を設ける
彼女の翼丸を設ける

人間優雅をお辞儀する
女神の高潔と優雅
人類に恵みを与える
翼のない羽の形で

強力な恵みの女神
人間難超越する
苦痛と苦難を分からない
平和と幸福を祈る

「白い羽のように浮く！」
羽女神人類号令する
思いと祈り空に飛ぶ
人類の夢を担う

「羽女神に賛歌を歌う！」
全ての悲しい人類
女神の高潔欲する
さあ、幸福のためを歌え！

[dea pinnae, nescit res homini
sed si gravitas homini
inficet pudicitiam deae
quo homini cadebunt?]

強力な恵みの女神
空に天国に上る
浮動の羽踊りを行く
人類の夢魂に
人類の夢魂に

#region(close,英語版)
A white feather falls from the sky
The return of the great goddess
The foot touches the cold, black earth
Blue feathers scatter around

She floats, without the weight of humanity
Feather wings lift (her) on the wind
Only the tip of her foot creates contact
Her wings create a circle

Humans bow to her grace
The purity and grace of the goddess
She bestows blessings on humanity
In the form of wingless feathers

The powerful goddess of blessings
She transcends human difficulties
She does not understand pain and suffering
She prays for peace and happiness

"Float like a white feather!"
The feather goddess commands humanity
Her thoughts and prayers fly to the sky
They carry the dreams and wishes of humanity

"We sing praises to the feather goddess!"
All of the sad mortals
wish to have the purity of the goddess
So, sing for the sake of happiness!

[the feather goddess, she does not know the things of man
but if weight corrupts the purity of the goddess
where will man fall?]

The powerful goddess of blessings
Ascends to the sky, to Heaven
The floating feathers continue to dance
The dream of humanity inside the soul
The dream of humanity inside the soul
#endregion

**コメント
- 好き！！  -- 名無しさん  (2012-07-30 18:23:34)
- 作者は外国の人だから、日本語への翻訳には苦労したと思う。でも歌詞の変な日本語も味があって、なかなか面白い。  -- 竜奇  (2012-08-02 22:29:08)
#comment()