#right(){&furigana(LIMITER)&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
|&nicovideo(sm18517527)|&YouTube(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pCU-5MM2v9c){342,187}|
作詞：[[AVTechNO]]
英訳：[[／SAKURA]]
作曲：[[AVTechNO]]
編曲：[[AVTechNO]]
絵：[[和音>和音/絵師]]
唄：[[巡音ルカ]]・[[鏡音レン>鏡音リン・レン]]

**曲紹介
曲名：『&u(){LIMITER}』
-コンピレーションアルバム『[[ELECTLOID feat.初音ミク]]』収録曲。

**歌詞
//（[[引用元のサイト>>引用元のURL]]より転載）
As I control 'up and down', I look better from people.
But I think it is not 'real me'.
I remove limiter because I pursue 'being myself'.
If people look 'coldly' at me...
Everyone makes limiter to oneself, isn't she or he?
Why do you make well-adjusted alike others?
You may be a little 'different' from another person.
If you can find 'meaning of living' yourself...

わたしだけ“あなた”とは違うとは思えない
昨日より明日をね…　大切にしたいだけ
ありふれた毎日じゃ何1つ楽しめない
だとしたら…だとしたら…　見方を変えるだけ

I came across cute clothes when I was walking in the town！
I was taught the delicious sweets' shop from my friend！
I discovered a shooting star by chance when I looked over a night sky！
These are 'small happiness' but not 'real delights'.

（The time）when I find out 'what I should do'
（The time）when I find out 'what I can do by only myself'
（The time）when I find out 'the place where someone else needs me'
These are what I search for truth...

If I lose 'something' by getting 'something',
I may dump 'something' for getting 'something'.
“明日”に手を伸ばしても届かない、届きたい…　だから
If I can get 'special ability to concentrate',
I give you 'a part of my memories' with both hands without a moment's hesitation.

少しだけあなたとは“肌の色”が違う
見てるもの、感じるもの、何も変わらないでしょ
ありふれた毎日じゃ何ひとつ変われない
だとしたら…だとしたら…見方を変えるだけ

As I change 'my viewpoint', I look this world by a sudden 180-degree turn until now.
I devote myself with 'forgetting myself'.
In the same way as common people, even the necessary energy for living I concentrate all efforts on 'something fascinated'.

As I control 'up and down', I look better from people.
But I think it is not 'real me'.
I remove limiter because I pursue 'being myself'.
If people look 'coldly' at me...
Everyone makes limiter to oneself, isn't she or he?
Why do you make well-adjusted alike others?
You may be a little 'different' from another person.
If you can find 'meaning of living' yourself...


**コメント
- おおお！！  -- 名無しさん  (2012-08-03 22:04:36)
- 日本語訳がついてないから、いろいろと解釈できていいですね！  -- 雲来三琴  (2012-08-04 19:50:56)
- ルカの英語､さすがですね!レン君の調声も好みです…!てか曲自体が神です!!もっと評価されてほしい”(ノ><)ノ  -- 紫苑  (2012-08-23 21:33:08)
//- 初ネギ♪初ネギ♪  -- 霜月悠里  (2012-10-18 19:50:13)
- これは、圧倒されました…  -- 黒幕  (2013-02-07 12:54:07)
- レンくんが歌ってる所しか分からぬ  -- ﾄﾘｯﾋﾟｰ  (2013-02-13 19:33:14)
- 英語さっぱりわからんけど覚えてやる！  -- TORA  (2013-05-21 03:18:49)
- めちゃくちゃ良いノリ    英語さっぱりわからん。  -- く  (2013-07-08 00:42:52)
- 英語は、わからへんけどルカの声にあってるっていうのはわかるわwww  -- 百日紅  (2014-08-12 22:39:30)
- Google翻訳してみたけど英語部分が凄い意味深でヤバかった  -- 名無しさん  (2015-02-01 18:38:08)
- 人間関係に悩み戸惑うルカさんが最高すぎる・・・  -- Sakura1st  (2017-10-26 00:12:42)
#comment()