#right(){&furigana()&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm18917519)
作詞：[[デッドボールP]]
作曲：[[デッドボールP]]
編曲：[[デッドボールP]]
唄：巡音ルカ

**曲紹介
-タイトルになっている Svartalfheim（スヴァルトアールヴヘイム） とは、北欧神話に出てくる世界の一つ。
-「ラスボス」というテーマに相応しい、全て英語詞の重厚なシンフォニックメタル。
-RPGをコンセプトにしたコンピCD 『[[EXIT TUNES PRESENTS Storytellers RPG]]』 収録曲。

**歌詞
wishing for wings, crawling the dark
eating the flesh of the gigantic myth
misshapen lives, no mercy death
maggots have nothing to say

look at my hand, darker than black
supposed to be such a beautiful thing
feeling the words, spells of Odin
astonishing evil elves will rise

in the planet of darkness the sun never shine
when the night time is over the shade comes again
life will never begin in this beautiful world
we will welcome you to the Svartalfheim

meaning of life, sin of suicide
how can you know in these two blinded eyes
doomsday is here, aware of death
maggots have no law of kill

look at my hand, look at my eyes
people say god will never make mistakes
we never care, we will revenge
war of the annihilate will roar

in the courthouse of justice we'll never be true
when the trial is over it's execute time
life is never forgave in this wonderful world
we will fight for our pride and freedom

in the midland of nowhere the evils revive
when we overcome heroes they'll be one of us
life is just piece of cake in this merciless world
we will welcome you to the Svartalfheim

**コメント
- 追加おつ！  -- 名無しさん  (2012-09-19 01:45:43)
- 「ラスボス」というテーマにぴったりのカッコいい曲調。流石はゲーム会社に勤めていただけのことはありますね。  -- 竜奇  (2012-09-19 22:16:28)
- デPと聞いて勝手に下ネタを期待した俺　でもいい曲！  -- りょーん  (2012-09-19 22:26:26)
- ↑2　！？デPってすごい人なのか………  -- やまさん  (2012-09-19 22:39:28)
- 和訳歌詞誰か頼む……  -- 名無しさん  (2012-09-20 21:15:25)
- すごすぎて何がなんだか…  -- あきひさ  (2012-09-26 00:14:32)
- かっこよすぎて・・・・  -- 名無しさん  (2012-10-06 17:29:32)
- うおっ新曲!!見に行こ!!  -- 殺嘩  (2012-10-14 07:02:18)
- すごいけど…英語が全然読めないよ← でもデpさん天才っ！！  -- 名無しさん  (2013-01-20 01:39:48)
- ↑6 たしか大学生の時に、作った曲がゲーム会社に採用されてしまったとか何とか・・・。英語バリバリ出来るし博識だし頭の良い人だと思う。何より作曲センスはボカロ界隈屈指の実力だと思いますよ。  -- 「才能の無駄遣い」は誉め言葉w  (2013-04-01 19:59:43)
- 友達から借りたCDの中に入ってて激ハマり！！  -- 赤めがね  (2013-05-21 21:41:32)
- 曲調がすごい好き…!!  -- 名無しさん  (2013-06-29 22:22:49)
- 聴いてたら感動した。  -- 名無しさん  (2016-06-11 08:43:49)
#comment()