#right(){&furigana()&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
&nicovideo(sm15166400)
作詞：[[神楽美咲]]
作曲：[[ROY]]
編曲：[[ROY]]
唄：神威がくぽ

**曲紹介
-がくっぽいど誕生祭2011で発表された様式美へヴィメタル。
-全英詞の歌詞は[[神楽美咲]]氏が、イラスト・PVは[[藤代叶]]氏が手掛けている。

**歌詞
I was born with the crime what was never inextinguishable
I only wanna hold your love time after time
Could you tell me how can I erase my crime if I wish for
If it was a dream Please wake me up now

Please tell me the truth.
Please tell me the lie
Why can't reach your heart?

I am searching for my heart
Because I want to close to you
But my wishes never come true

Please let me love you.
Please let me swear you.
Till the end of the world

Pains of the sins
When I was fallen to the ground I was burned by the doomsday
I sacrifice to you till the end of my life.
I swear you forever more

Do I reach your sky?
Do I reacy your dreams?
by the broken wings

Pains of the sins
When I was fallen to the ground I was burned by the doomsday
I sacrifice to you till the end of my life.
I swear you forever more

I crucify my love but I can't reach you.
Even if I flap wings eternity
Pains of the sins I can't see the clear blue sky forever more

#region(日本語訳詞)
訳詞：[[ROY]]

消えない罪とともに生まれ
ただ貴女の愛だけを求める
罪の消し方を教えて
夢ならばすぐに目覚めさせて

真実を教えてくれ
偽りを教えてくれ
なぜ貴女に届かない？

心を探し続けている
貴女の傍にいたいから
それでも願いは叶わない

愛させてくれ
誓わせてくれ
世界が終るまで

罪の痛み
地に堕ち　最後の審判で焼かれた
息絶えるその時まで　貴女の身代りになろう
永遠に誓うから...

貴女の世界に届くだろうか？
貴方の夢に届くだろうか？
この折れた翼で

罪の痛み
地に堕ち　最後の審判で焼かれた
息絶えるその時まで　貴女の身代りになろう
永遠に誓うから...

愛を十字架に捧げても貴女には届かない
たとえ羽ばたき続けても
罪の痛み　透き通った空はもう見えない
#endregion


**コメント
#comment()