#right(){&furigana()&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
|&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm19221229)|&youtube(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxyFwDQN08s){336,189}|
作詞：[[モモカシュー]]
作曲：[[モモカシュー]]
唄：[[Oliver]]

**曲紹介
-'''仮装の必要はないよ。だってお前既に化け物なんでしょう？'''
-海外Pモモカシュー氏によるOliverハロウィーン曲。
-イラスト・動画はLancha氏。

**歌詞
（[[ピアプロ>>http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm19221229]]より転載）

Ghostly laughter climbs down your spine
Don't worry, I'm sure you will be fine
Why, you asked
Well, because you are the scariest of your kind
Take my hand so you won't forget your way
Hurry, or else we will be late
Where to, you asked
A party to celebrate this special day

Don't make us wait

Tula Pilatu Kah Luttata
Frightened face hidden under your mask
Tula Putapittana Tufeepah
Take it easy or we'll tie you up
Tula Littata Luppashah
Palila Tufeepah Tilatu Lakkah
Your shaking voice itches my ears
Sing me a song


Look, the reflection in my eyes
Don't you see the monster live inside?
Forgive me please, you begged
Is this another trick of yours?
You leave me no choice

Don't you escape

Tula Pilatu Kah Luttata
Remember the faces that you've betrayed?
Tula Putapittana Tufeepah
Have you ever stopped being jealous?
Tula Littata Luppashah
Happiness built up on others' misfortunes
It's getting late, don't you think?
We should move on to the main dish

Don't ruin any food on your plate

La Pilatu Kah Luttata
That serious look on you's such a waste
Tula Putapittana Tufeepah
Let me carve a smiley on your face
Tula Littata Luppashah
Chocolate, biscuits, raspberry tarts
Open up big, I will feed you
Until your teeth rot

Can't you see your ugly self?
Even poor mirror's about to break
Gobble down a piece of cake every lie you say
I wonder, how much would you weight?
These layers of decaying skin are giving me a stomach ache
Congratulations
There's no need to dress up anymore

**コメント
- モモカシューさんのOliverめっちゃ好き！曲もかっこいい  -- 名無しさん  (2012-11-22 17:12:39)
- 素敵な雰囲気の曲だしこういう不思議な感じの曲大好きなのですごい、何か、好きです。かっこいい。  -- 名無しさん  (2012-11-28 21:56:18)
- 大好きです。  -- 一言にすべて込めたい  (2013-08-19 08:33:09)
- すばらしいです。  -- 名無しさん  (2014-07-23 21:59:55)
- もっとみんな知ってくれたら嬉しいな（＾∇＾）  -- 名無しさん  (2014-09-05 01:03:01)
- 隠れた名曲。最近知って好きになりました。  -- ナナシ  (2015-03-15 10:46:54)
#comment()