#right(){&furigana()&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm19678822)
作詞：[[LIQ]]
作曲：[[LIQ]]
編曲：[[LIQ]]
唄：結月ゆかり

**曲紹介
-LIQ氏 の32作目。
-本作のテーマは「裏切り」。
-イラストは ミズキヨ氏 が手掛ける。
-コンピCD 『[[月の詩 Ⅱ -ツキノウタ-]]』 収録曲。

**歌詞
I wanna play the crazy game.
Give me your brain!!
My mind is waiting for your with suicide.
Don't be afraid of last time.
Hey, begin countdown...
I don't forgive yourself.
Repent until you die!!

鮮やかな視界　黄色に染まる声
飼い慣らされるままに　SING A SONG
吐き出された嘘　広がる傷痕
その目に映っていたんだろ？

甘い蜜に溺れる PINK MONKEY
その姿はまるで DOPE JUNKEY
やがて聞こえる I CAN'T KILL ME
これはお前への CATASTROPHE

裏切りの契約　頭を潰す夢
1mm も狂いのない　LIE AND TRUTH
首へと掛かる罠　炎上する絆
その様（ざま）を哂（わら）って欲しいのかい？

十三冊目の BLACK LIST
二枚舌でめくる DEATH NOTE
接触不良の ATTACHMENT
精神内部の AIR POCKET

歓声ならプラスへと掛ける
中傷はマイナスへと捌（は）ける
すぐ鳴る SINGAL　異なる SUBLIMINAL
RANDOM SELECT の CHANNEL

You will pull a jocker to yourself.
Right before your fans.
You will pull a trigger to yourself.
Right before my eyes.

I wanna play the clever game.
Show me your pain!!
My mind is waiting for your with decay.
Don't be afraid of fall down.
Hey, begin countdown...
I don't forget yourself.
Cry until you die!!

You will pull a jocker to yourself.
Right before your fans.
You will pull a trigger to yourself.
Right before my eyes.

I wanna play the crazy game.
Give me your brain!!
My mind is waiting for your with suicide.
Don't be afraid of last time.
Hey, begin countdown...
I don't forgive yourself.
Repent until you die!!

**コメント
- 追加おつ！  -- 名無しさん  (2012-12-26 23:08:20)
- 追加乙!!  -- 名無しさん  (2012-12-30 21:59:47)
- おお、追加乙です！  -- *Ane  (2012-12-31 15:33:29)
- 大好き！  -- 名無しさん  (2013-01-05 13:02:55)
- かっこいい!!  -- あひぇ  (2013-01-18 10:58:40)
- DEATH NOTEか………  -- (｀･з･´まど)  (2013-08-01 04:46:34)
#comment()