#right(){&furigana()&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/nm18491650)
作詞：[[Ryuuuu]]
作曲：[[Ryuuuu]]
編曲：[[Ryuuuu]]
唄：巡音ルカ

**曲紹介
>またまたこんにちわ笑　
>たまには立ち止まることも大切だと思います、とか言ってみます笑
>連発失礼しました。でわ、、、。。(作者コメより転載)

**歌詞
（動画より書き起こし）

I
(わたしね、)
sometimes need myself to see how I am 
(時々自分がどんななのか、自分自身で見なきゃって思う)
Coz
(だってね、)
nothing but breathing seems to be given  to me
(この世界では私には息をすることしか与えられてないと思うの)
in the world

Sittin' by the window
(窓際にすわって)
feelin' the wind blows
(風が吹くのを感じてる)
Oh…it feels so cold
(、、、とても冷たい風)
tell me why…
(ねぇ、どうして？)
I can't catch anybody's hand
(誰の手も今ここで握れない理由を教えて)
here right by my side

Under the moonlight
(月明かりの下、)
I seach for my shodow
(わたしの影を探すの)
It's been so long time
(長かった)
It's been so long time
(とても長かったわ)
(Don't you know)

Since I got alone
(独りになってから)
That meant  there were so many ways
(でもね、それは選ぶ道がとても多くあったということ。)
Yeah I sometimes stop wolking
(そして確かに、時々歩くのを止めるけれど)
But it's not to run
(それは走り出すためじゃなく、)
look back on those days
(過去を振り返るわけでもなく)
Just to see where I am now
(ただ、自分がいる場所を確かめるため。)
Just to see my shadow
(そして、自分の影を)

I
(わたしって、)
used to cry all through the night
(よく夜ずっと泣いていた。)
Moon 
(月もね、)
Why didn't you give me a piece of light
(ほんの少しの光を射してくれたらよかったのに)
All the things around me
(わたしにまわりの色々なことが)
seem to be in a hurry
(なんか焦って早くしなきゃってなってるみたいで)
That makes me want to know
(それを見てると)
if I should keep up or not
(自分も追いつかなきゃいけないのかって、思うの)
The answer is“No”
(答えは“ノー”)
Cold wind just blows…
(まだ風は冷たいけれど、)
This is not so bad
(これも悪くはないわ)
Under the moonlight
(月明かりの下、)
I seach for my shodow
(わたしの影をさがすの。)

(Chorus repat)

I've actually ever believed in a fairytail
(確かにね、おとぎ話を信じた事もあったの。
That can make me a little more beautiful
(こんなわたしをもう少し綺麗にしてくれるようなね)
To live this easily
(そうしたら、この世界にも居やすくなって、)
to make it easier
(誰か素敵な人が)
for a prince to find me
(他の誰よりもわたしを見つけ出してくれる。。。)
But this can't go that way
(でもそんな風にいくわけないのよ)
Lookin' at my shadow
(自分の影を見たら、)
I can see I'm a usual girl
(わたしは普通の女の子だってわかる。)
There's not need to be in a donce hall with a mirror ball
(ミラーボール付きのダンスホールになんて要る必要ないの。)
This is my stage
(ここがわたしのステージ)
this may be a privillage
(特権かもね。)
This is what I am
(これがわたしだってこと。)

(Chorus repat)

**コメント
- 追加おつ！  -- 名無しさん  (2013-05-02 17:34:51)
- 追加おつです！  -- 名無しさん  (2013-05-02 17:41:28)
#comment()