#right(){&furigana(Anonymous)【検索用:&furigana()&space(2)登録タグ:&tags() 】}
#region(close,目次)
目次
#contents()
#endregion
|&nicovideo(sm20093688)|
作詞：Aki（[[EmpathP]]) 
作曲：Aki（[[EmpathP]]) 
編曲：Aki ([[EmpathP]]) 
PV：[[Porifra]]
唄：[[KAITO V3(ENGLISH)>>KAITO]]

**曲紹介
曲名：『&u(){Anonymous}』
-KAITO V3公式デモソング。

**歌詞
（[[作者ホームページ>>http://empathp.bandcamp.com/track/anonymous-feat-kenji-b]]より転載）

It’s been running through my mind
I wanna say it one more time
But when I try to speak the words just fly away from me

So I’m taking the chance to write it down
And send it out into this lonely town
And hope that you’ll see it somehow

If you find
This message that I left behind
You’ll know that time has pulled me away from you
And though I don’t know who you are
And I am far away
I love you all the same
Even though you will never know my name

I know that I could never hide
The little things I felt inside
And like the days grew long it just kept growing stronger

So if one day it finally reaches
And you can feel what I was feeling too
Remember what I said to you

If you find
This message that I left behind
You’ll know that time has pulled me away from you
And though I don’t know who you are
And I am far away
I love you all the same
Even though you will never know my name

If you find
This world is leaving you behind
And feel like time is pulling away from you
Just believe in who you are
And know that far away
I love you all the same
Even though you will never know my name

No, you’ll never know my name

You will never know my name

//ここから下の文章は削除しないでください。使用する場合があります。
//楽曲制作者あるいは関係者以外が公開した有名な関連動画、楽曲制作者あるいは関係者による公開であっても大幅なアレンジ/二次創作に分類される関連動画はこちらに置いてください。
//**関連動画
//|&nicovideo(ここにニコニコ動画のURLを貼り付け)|&youtube(ここにYouTubeのURLを貼り付け){342,187}|
//
**コメント
- 追加おつ！  -- 名無しさん  (2013-09-13 02:08:36)
- そっと評価されてほしい。素晴らしい曲だ。  -- とま斗  (2013-12-20 18:54:10)
- この曲すっごく素敵なのに…。もっとたくさんの人に聞いてほしい。  -- 名無しさん  (2014-02-04 02:12:59)
- 声がとても爽やかで、聴いているとすっきりした気分になれる。動画も、兄さんがキリッと可愛くて好き。  -- 名無しさん  (2014-03-06 15:46:13)
#comment()

//※編集できる方。不適切なコメントを排除する場合は、削除するのではなくコメントアウトでお願いします。
#include(曲の追加の仕方/告知)