#right(){&furigana(さてぃすてぃっく)&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
|&nicovideo(sm21756065)|&youtube(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kwd7sTGclT4){342,187}|
作詞：[[奏音69]]
作曲：[[奏音69]]
編曲：[[奏音69]]
MIX：[[kaichi]]
ベース：[[哲犬]]
管楽器：[[kyoki]]
英語字幕：[[あひるたま]]
唄：[[巡音ルカ]]

**曲紹介
曲名：『&u(){サディスティック}』
-奏音69氏の8作目。

**歌詞
（[[作者配布のzip.>>http://kanon-rock.jp/download/sd_citruscat.zip]]より転載）

女が（特にアタシが）許せないものは
バレバレすぎる笑顔とその仕草
一度や二度の過ちなら許せるけど
アメときどき鞭なんてガラじゃない

今夜　アタシのココロを不安にした罰として
ちょっとだけ×××（イジワル）してあげる
そうアナタが好きだから　don't you see？

さぁほらこの指に誓いのキスをして
病めるときも　健やかなるときも
アタシへの愛だけに縛られて　baby
たまにはアメだけをおあずけするくらい
サディスティックな日々を演じてるの

男に（特にアンタに）言っておきたいの
可愛く微笑むだけの女なんて
小悪魔的に狡猾で　フラれるだけだから
「目障りな女」でいてあげてるの

本当は鎖で繋いだ関係と解っていても
放し飼いなんて出来ないわ
まだアナタが好きだから？

午前０時のリプライで首輪を仕掛けたら
約束も　プレゼントも
アナタを繋ぐためなの　巧妙なlady
たまにはキスだけでおやすみするくらい
プラトニックな夜を夢みてるの

――もし今アナタへの鎖を解いたら
穏やかな女（ひと）の胸で
幸せな愛に生きるのでしょう

なーんて　今夜は帰らずに朝まで付き合って
ドラマティックな恋を……

汝　愛を共に誓い　死がふたりを分かつまで
サディスティックなアタシを興奮（ふる）わせてよ

**英語字幕
#region(close)
What women don't like in men.(especially me)
Is the way you spread your love. Playing games with a cheeky smile.
You keep fooling around with me and I just don't deserve that.

So tonight I think I'm gonna give you a little punishment for being a bad boy.
'Cause I love you.
Don't you see?

Now I want you to kiss my fingertips and promise to love and cherish me
in sickness and in health.
Get chained to love baby.
I know what you want but I let you sit and wait.
Being such a tease.

Men should know (especially I want YOU to know) that you can never handle those pretty girls you call babes.
They play nice but they play games better than you do and you just gonna get dumped.
I might look like a bitch but I am warning you.

I know our relationship isn't real. It breaks up so easily.
But I just can't let you go.
'Cause I'm still in love with you.  …am I ?

I reply at 12 AM.
Hiding secret message to tie you down.
I made a promise to you.
I got a gift for you.
I'll do anything to keep you near.
But sometimes I dream about a platonic night with goodnight kiss.

If I let you go now, Jane Doe's gonna take over my place. She's gonna have your love. You will belong to her and you'll live for her gentle love.
Oh well, I don't mean it.

Now I'm asking you to spend the night with me.
Let's be Romeo and Juliet with a happy ending.
You, promise to love and be faithful to me until death parts us.
Try satisfy a sweet teaser in me darling.
#endregion

**コメント
- 追加乙！  -- 名無しさん  (2013-09-17 20:29:38)
- 相変わらずおしゃれで大好きです！！！  -- 名無しさん  (2013-09-30 07:23:51)
- 歌詞もリズムも素敵！かっこいい～  -- 名無しさん  (2013-12-05 12:44:32)
- 格好良いｗｗｗ切ない❤  -- 野崎映見  (2014-02-22 11:19:00)
- おしゃれ！！！  -- 名無しさん  (2014-05-17 14:48:29)
- かっこいい  -- 名無しさん  (2014-05-18 21:15:48)
- そんな有名じゃないのかな？　もったいないｗ  -- ｋ  (2014-06-27 22:13:38)
//- うち、カラオケで歌ったら、カラオケ歌詞見ながら、覚えましたwww  -- のざりん＠ざっきー＠ヲタ＠ショタ♂顔(*´ω｀*)大好き  (2014-07-17 23:44:09)
- こんな曲が埋れてるのは勿体無い…(´・ω・)  -- 名無しさん  (2014-07-28 12:25:05)
- 大好きだー！↑ホントもったいない…  -- 名無しさん  (2014-08-03 00:11:30)
- ハイカラですね  -- 名無しさん  (2014-12-01 00:25:08)
- この曲お洒落で大好き(о´∀`о)  -- 名無しさん  (2014-12-10 20:19:27)
- もっと有名になってもいい曲だと思います！！  -- 名無しさん  (2015-01-11 10:02:33)
- これめっちゃいいよな…。伸びてないの勿体ない  -- 名無しさん  (2018-04-22 20:27:52)
- まさか2013年の曲だとは…この曲こそもっと評価されるべき！(｀´)  -- 名無しさん  (2018-12-22 19:01:50)
#comment()