#right(){&furigana(clear)&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
|&nicovideo(sm21861112)|&YouTube(http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UufOYMzJ7go){336,189}|
作詞：[[Eri]]
作曲：[[MJQ]]
編曲：[[MJQ]]
唄：初音ミク V3(ENGLISH)

//**曲紹介
//-

**歌詞
（[[YouTube概要欄>>http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UufOYMzJ7go]]より転載）

My head on a pillow and silence in the room
Sheep jumping over fences and the cow over the moon
I can see this all (see it all)
then I trip and fall (trip and fall)

A land of dreams filled with wonder
beyond the starry sky
Flying fishes, Chocolate mountains
Singing flowers going Churu chuu chuu
Silver clocks reading 2AM

The things I would give to see this magic
even when I'm wide awake.
Magic like gold piles, wings or that smile
Perhaps a voice saying I love you
A magic that happens starting 2AM

My head on a pillow and silence in the room
Sheep jumping over fences and the cow over the moon
It remains same (remains the same)
While I'm traveling (while I'm traveling)

thirty one thousand seven hundred
eighty eight birds on flight
fifty dresses, ninety-one fireflies
Four lovely angels going Chu ru chu chu
A billion clocks reading 2AM

Swimming in a river filled with all the
letters from my friends
Heartwarming Thank You's, Beautiful Greetings
Love letters with the words I love you
A magic that happens starting 2AM

A land of dreams filled with wonder
beyond the starry sky
Sparkling castles, Auburn Forests
but then your clock wakes you going Chu Ru Chuu Chuu
Chu Ru Chuu Chuu Chu Ru Chuu Chuu!

The things I would give to see this magic
even when I'm wide awake.
When can I sleep again? When will I hear my friend
the moon whispering good night and I love you
I want to see it, that magic again.


**コメント
- 作成しました、初編集なので訂正等ありましたらよろしくお願いいたします。  -- 名無しさん  (2013-10-01 10:02:53)
- 投稿時からたびたび聞いてる。でもちゃんと歌詞を見たのは今日が初めて。途中でめっちゃ数字が出てくるパートがあるけど、何か意味のある数字なのかな。気になった  -- 名無しさん  (2018-09-09 01:50:28)
#comment()