#right(){&furigana(ましゅまろぷりずん)&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm22036987)
作詞：[[えりえ]]
作曲：[[えりえ]]
編曲：[[えりえ]]
唄：初音ミク V3

**曲紹介
-[[えりえ]]の４作目。
-動画にはピアプロよりよもぎ氏のイラストを使用している。
-こんなに毎日お菓子ばっかり食べて、もしかしたら永遠にお菓子の監獄から逃げられないんじゃないかっていう歌です!!（作者コメント転載）
-英詞部分では初音ミクV3 Englishを使用している。

**歌詞
（動画より書き起こし）

空にささやいた
お願いだけ
forever and ever
今だけは
まよったっていいよ
にじ色の代わりでしょ

（マシュマロ　ぺろぺろ）

Let me know I miss you
I find, how to say
something, open base？
a set of finite regions connected

keeping the remainders unchanged,
i.e., the basis of the spaces.
Lines are divided into
MARSHMALLOW like you

Let phi be a subset
of all non-empty sets.
Constant bias should be removed
from our world.

Then I can define it.
Suppose that I need it.
The complement depends on
MARSHMALLOW like you.

変わらないなんて
やめて
苦手なことだけに
昨日のとこ
やり直すよ

そばにいたいから
今だけは
マシュマロでいい
淡い緑の羽根でも

空にきらめいた
三日月だけ
forever and ever
キミだけは
まよったっていよ
桃色も代わりでしょ？

Keep in mind
that I fabricated finite samples.
They can be regarded as
restrictions of us.

Maybe you can reconstruct
your own world from them.
It must be no longer
MARSHMALLOW like you.

やわらないなんて
やめて
まだ逃げない予定
信じてた
キミを見てるよ

そばにいたいなら
今だけは
マシュマロでいい
暗い世界の果てでも

空にささやいた
お願いだけ
forever and ever
今だけは
まよったっていよ
にじ色の代わりでしょ？

Now I can forget it ×××××
because you admire me
forever and ever.

Tell me what I had to make up ×××××.
The resulting objects are obtained with you.

そばにいたいから
今だけは
マシュマロでいい
淡い緑の羽根でも

空にきらめいた
三日月だけ
forever and ever
キミだけは
まよったっていよ
桃色も代わりでしょ？



**コメント
- 追加おつ！  -- 名無しさん  (2013-10-17 07:35:19)
- 英語の調教Gjすぎる良ミク曲  -- 名無しさん  (2013-12-03 02:03:07)
#comment()