#right(){&furigana()&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm22268097)
作詞：[[せんてふ]]
作曲：[[つこ]]
編曲：[[つこ]]
唄：猫村いろは

**曲紹介
>もう夢を失わない
-『霜月フォノグラム』収録曲

**歌詞
（動画より転載）

BORN ALONE IN NO LOGIC IS NO WHY.
I AM A TRAVELER.
WAKING UP IN 
CLOWDING SKY

NO ONE KNOWS END OF THIS WAY.
THERE ARE SO MANY RULES TO WALK ON THIS ROAD
MY BODY, WORKED AS PUPPETS 
WHAT A SORE HEART REALLY BARELY VISIT.

NO ONE CLEARS THE MAZE LIKE CHEAP GAME
THERE ARE MUD, WORDS MANACLE OUR MOVES.
BUT IT'S A IRONY IRONY OF FATE
WHAT WAS SO MUCH REALLY BARLEY VISION.

GOING ON ROLLING ON MOVING ON OUR MISSION.

I THINK THE WORLD MYSTERIOUS.
LET ME DETERMINE WHERE TO GO.
EVERYONE WANNNA SEE THE END OF CONTINUING
THIS WAY.

I HEARD THE LIES FILLED IN MALICE.
I'M NOT AFRAID TO FIND IT OUT.
EVERYTIME GONNA GO ON THE WAY AND KEEPING 
TRY TRY AND TRY.

RISE UP
GET DOWN,
HANDS UP LIGHT NOW AS A DOLL.
MANY RULES BE WALK ON THIS ROAD.

CHANGE UP, NOT DROP OWN TOP GEAR
NOBODY IS HERE BECOME INSTEAD.

AS BREAK AWAY TYPE OF IDEA,
EAT KNOWLEDGE COMPLETELY FROM VOICE OF WORLD

FOLLOW UP, JUST A FACE OF DEAD
BESIDES, MY LIMIT ISN'T OUT.
HIT OUT!

（間奏）

I'LL GAZE AND GAZE AT CHANGING SCENARY.
NOT YET FIND OUT OBVIOUS REASON.
NO MORE MAKING UP FAKE STORIES, 
WHAT TO DO, WHY TO DO.

I WANT TO KEEP TAKING STEP, IF YOU WERE DEAD.
WHATEVER MATTER HAPPEN ARRIVE TO BE BY SIDE OF YOU.
MY INSTINCT FEELS NOTHING OF REASON, OVER THE LONG TRIP.
IT'S NOT LIE, IT'S BLOOM.

I THINK THE WORLD MYSTERIOUS.
LET ME DETERMINE WHERE TO GO.
EVERYONE WANNNA SEE THE END OF CONTINUING
THIS WAY.

I HEARD THE LIES FILLED IN MALICE.
I'M NOT AFRAID TO FIND IT OUT.
EVERYTIME GONNA GO ON THE WAY AND KEEPING 
TRY TRY AND TRY.

（間奏）

CHANGING OVER GOING WAY TO THE TRUTH,
AND SEIZING ON THE MOMENT OF WHOLE BIORHYTHM.

DON'T LOSE ANY THE PART OF OUR DREAM.

TURNING OVER DEFICIENT RULE OF GAMES, 
PASSING BY BURN ED OUT PAST OF US.

LETTING MY HEART FREE FROM A CHAIN FOREVER.

EVERY SOUND 
FILL IN ME WHEN SONG HOLD WHOLE MY BODY.
IT IS AN AFFECTION.
IT IS THE TRUTH.
FEAR SLOWLY DISAPPEAR.


IT IS AN AFFECTION.

IT IS THE TRUTH.

FEAR SLOWLY DISAPPEAR.

IN BLOOM.

**コメント
- 追加乙！  -- 名無しさん  (2013-11-16 22:24:39)
#comment()