#right(){&furigana(もうそうSacrifice)&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm22481407)
作詞：[[7P]]
作曲：[[7P]]
編曲：[[7P]]
唄：KAITO

**曲紹介
-KARENTレーベルよりダウンロード販売が行われている。[[KAITO9周年記念企画>>http://karent.jp/special/kaito15]]で配信された作品の1つ。配信版は再度MIX、マスタリングを施したVer.1.1となっている。

**音楽配信
&ref(http://karent.jp/npdca/1677_20150106201546_0280_0280.jpg)

|CENTER:前作|CENTER:今作|CENTER:次作|
|CENTER:-|CENTER:&bold(){妄想Sacrifice}|CENTER:[[7P's Tracks.JP]]|

流通：配信
発売：2015年2月13日
価格：￥150
レーベル：[[KARENT>>http://karent.jp/album/1677]]
ジャケットイラスト：7P

|&bold(){[[iTunes Storeで購入>>https://itunes.apple.com/jp/album/delusion-sacrifice-single/id961549112]]}|

***曲目
+妄想Sacrifice （feat. KAITO）

**歌詞
（[[ピアプロ>>http://piapro.jp/t/LW4y]]より転載）

妄想sacrifice　
and Ｉ erase your face
don't know why but I'm frightened you.
Will you Sacrifice
and turn off myself.
I get back to those days was one.

Monday. You born. I learned Meaning living.
Tuesday. You saw me.　I learned fear of loneliness.
Wednesday. You said. I learned the words.
And I learned the words to tell the love.
Thursday.　You cry　I learned you cherish.
Friday. You're sad I learned you are not me.
Saturday.　 killed you　didn't open your eyes
Sunday. I died I learned. 　you are me.

One day I look up at the sky. and I looked at the moon in the night sky.
Next day I was thinking.　That's the and illusion never reach my hand.
Someday　I learned landscape is there for me to make me and there are others for which I recognize me.
And Make me me in your also make you.

Loneliness like a baby sleep in the mother.
Can I held out all of my If Ｉ go back there if.

Monday. I born. you learned Meaning living.
Tuesday　I saw. you learned fear of loneliness.
Wednesday. Ｉ said. you learned the words.
And you learned the words to tell the love.
Thursday　Ｉcry.　You learned me cherish.
Friday I'm sad. you learned Ｉ　am not　you.
Saturday killed me.　didn't open my eyes.
Sunday you died you learned. 　I am you.

Baby's cry nestled in the hands of mother.
Probably because there is still a memory in the mother.

妄想sacrifice　
And Ｉ turn off your face.
Don't know why but I'm frightened you.

Will you Sacrifice.
And turn off myself.
I get back・・・.
I can't for me.

like a sacrifice.
I dispel your hand.
Don't know why but I'm frightened you.

Will I'm sacrifice.
and
Can you turn off yourself?
before birth.

妄想sacrifice
I will to break my soul.
I will hate me….

will you sacrifice.
and turn off my world.
I get backthose days was one.

妄想sacrifice　
and Ｉ turn off your face
don't know why but
i'm frightened you

will I'm Sacrifice
I will to break my soul
I get back,,,	
I need you.

脳内sacrifice
And I trun off my voice.
Don't know why.
I'm frightened me.

Will I am sacrifice.
And turn off myself.
Not get back can't for me.

I don't need sacrifice
Turn off you in myself.
I can live.
I will live far...

妄想sacrifice
Just turn off by himself.
Not get back

just can live....

**コメント
- おお！  -- 名無しさん  (2013-12-21 18:42:22)
- ちょう好きです。  -- 名無しさん  (2014-02-06 23:25:03)
- もっと評価されるべき！！  -- 名無しさん  (2014-02-07 03:52:05)
#comment()