#right(){&furigana(Z)&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
|&nicovideo(sm22560618)|&YouTube(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=roRXCju3Qbs){342,187}|
作詞：[[AVTechNO]]
英訳詞：[[／SAKURA]]
作曲：[[AVTechNO]]
編曲：[[AVTechNO]]
背景素材：くらっく
唄：[[巡音ルカ]]

**曲紹介
曲名：『&u(){Z}』
-アルバム『[[MIFT＃1]]』収録曲。
-KARENTレーベルよりダウンロード販売が行われている。[[巡音ルカ5周年記念特集>>http://karent.jp/special/luka14]]で配信された作品の1つ。

**音楽配信
&ref(http://karent.jp/npdca/1429_20140114000807_0280_0280.jpg)

|CENTER:前作|CENTER:今作|CENTER:次作|
|CENTER:[[THANKS]]|CENTER:&bold(){Z}|CENTER:[[Depth>Depth/AVTechNO]]&br()[[Cochapii]]|

流通：配信
発売：2014年1月30日
価格：￥150
レーベル：[[KARENT>>http://karent.jp/album/1429]]
ジャケットイラスト：G

|&bold(){[[iTunes Storeで購入>>https://itunes.apple.com/jp/album/z-single/id807048931]]}|

***曲目
+Z （feat. 巡音ルカ）


**歌詞
（動画より書き起こし）

The beginning and the end.
He knows the worldly extremity.
The fact to meet his eyes.
Pure color to hard to accept for him.

Still early he knows all phenomena.
He starts to walk in order to follow after wisdom.

I wonder what he must pursue to acquire everything.
A he doesn't know all ruled lines......
As he doesn't learn all, he can live.
However, if he slips his mind and ambition, he loses himself.
If I don't realize my all personalities.
I'm able to face to face with him.

More and more I comprehend justice and legal principles, I return outset.
For me, this is the sense of riddles solution and game.
When I return outset,
the second opening providence can grasp the meaning
of significance in the hands.
Aspects of events are materializations, analyses and they dispose.
This repetition helps me to understand the complex law
and leads me to the outset.
With the birth of this universe......
For you......

From the finish to the start.
The link moves humans' hearts.
They agitate the positive and strong will.
In the endless space, the nihilistic power rains incessantly.

I wonder what he must pursue to acquire everything.
A he doesn't know all ruled lines......
As he doesn't learn all, he can live.
However, if he slips his mind and ambition, he loses himself.
If I don't realize my all personalities.
I'm able to face to face with him.


**コメント
#comment()