#right(){&furigana()&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
|&nicovideo(sm22735202)|&YouTube(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ecED0tPBI8g&list=PLWVUjGst107PnMjEG3sUpN8KE4VRHwF-g){336,189}|
作詞：[[Eri]]
作曲：[[MJQ]]
編曲：[[MJQ]]
唄：初音ミク V3(ENGLISH)

//**曲紹介
//-

**歌詞
（[[YouTube概要欄>>http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ecED0tPBI8g&list=PLWVUjGst107PnMjEG3sUpN8KE4VRHwF-g]]より転載）

Things come and go, I don't know 
when everything will slow down
and follow my pace?
Or am I just some broken
piece of all things living?
trying to find a place
or a path to follow?

I can't keep on living hanging on to helping hands
but to stray from them, I can? To create more new beginnings
I'm afraid to leap to someplace different from the past
but if I go, would I last?
Well I guess I should believe in me

I just stay still, not a will 
to go on new adventures
or a new blank page?
Or am I just a lost bird
flying through the sky and
not knowing where to go?
Blinded by white clouds

I can't keep on living on this excuse for a life
but can I exit the line? To go make myself a new one
I'm afraid that if I go there is no turning back, 
no more schedule, no more tasks, well, I can make my own ones

I can't keep on living , hanging on to helping hands
but to stray from them, I can! To create more new beginnings
I'm afraid to leap to someplace different from the past
but if I go, would I last? So I guess I should just take that leap.

#region(日本語訳詞)
ぐるぐる世界は回る
いつ静まって　わたしのペースに合うの？
追いつこうと　場所や道を探してるけど
わたし　壊れたかけらでしかないのかな

誰かに頼り続けて生きてはいれない
でも新しいことを始める為に
一人になっても大丈夫？
これまでと違うどこかに飛び出すのはこわいな
負けないでいられるかな？
でもね、きっと自分を信じなくちゃ

まだここにいる
新しい冒険や真っ白なページに進むつもりはないの？
わたし　白い雲に目が眩んで
空を飛びながら彷徨う
迷子の鳥でしかないのかな

こんな言い訳にしがみ続けてはいれない
でも新しい自分の為に
道を外れるなんて出来るかな？
後戻りは出来ない
予定も用事もなくなるのはこわいな
でもね、全部一から作りだせるんだ

誰かに頼り続けて生きてはいれない
でも新しいことを始める為に
一人になっても大丈夫？
これまでと違うどこかに飛び出すのはこわいな
負けないでいられるかな？
そんなこと考えるより　きっととにかく飛び出してみるべきだよね
#endregion


**コメント
#comment()