#right(){&furigana(ちょうのわるつ) &furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
|&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm5199935){340,185}|&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm5572482){340,185}|
|&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm7079920){340,185}|&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm7167006){340,185}|
|&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm7728955){340,185}||
|&youtube(https://youtu.be/TfyRHtQn6r4){342,187}|&youtube(https://youtu.be/_bBIV8l2qxE){342,187}|
作詞：[[TT_ST>takaokatoshiya]]
作曲：[[ノラにゃんこ]](メンテ突入P)（ニコニコ版）、[[TT_ST>takaokatoshiya]]（YouTube版）
唄：初音ミク（ニコニコ版）、初音ミク・巡音ルカ（YouTube日本語版）、巡音ルカ（YouTube英語版）
唄：KAITO （KAITO版/調声：さらしーな（チェストP））
唄：鏡音リン・レン （リンレン版/調声：へそまがり。）
唄：GUMI （GUMI版/調声：[[右マッチP]]）

**曲紹介
-ニコニコ版とYouTube版は歌詞は同じであるものの、曲が全く違う。
-ピアプロでのコラボ作品＞[[【コラ募】蝶のワルツ【のんびり進行】>>http://piapro.jp/collabo/?id=10169]]（ニコニコ版）
-ノスタルジックなドラムンベース（ニコニコ版）
-蝶を模した恋愛の歌でもある（ブログより）
-メロディのモチーフは「My Favorite Things」から（ピアプロより）
-PV版がミク箱に収録されている。
-英語版のタイトルは「Butterfly waltz」。

**日本語版歌詞
（[[piapro>>http://piapro.jp/collabo/?view=memo&id=10169]]より転載）

春風に乗りアゲハチョウ　探し物は何ですか？
ごめんなさい　ここにはミカンも山椒もレモンも無い
困り果てた黄色と黒の折り紙細工　行ってしまったわ
春風に乗りまた来年会いましょう　元気でね

春風に乗りモンシロチョウ探し物は何ですか？
ごめんなさい　ここにはキャベツも水菜もナズナも無い
困り果てた白と黒の往復はがき　行ってしまったわ
春風に乗りまた来年会いましょう　元気でね

そして春が行く

**英語版歌詞
（動画概要欄より転載）

In the spring breeze what is Swallow tail looking for in my small garden ?
Is it a flower you like?
Sorry here are no  oranges lemons  and also Sanshos in my little garden anyway .
Acutely embarrassed , the  wrought yellow and black origami article has gone away. good bye.
Take care yourself and see you next year in the spring breeze safe and sound as now . 
Long live . God bless you . 

In the spring breeze what's Cabbage butterfly looking for in my small garden ?
Is it a plant you like?
I'm sorry   here are no mizunas cabbages and no oilseed rapes in my little garden  now.
Acutely embarrassed , the  black and white postcard has gone away to another garden. good bye. 
Take care yourself and see you next year in the spring breeze safe and sound as now .
Long live . God bless you.

And the spring itself will be gone.

**コメント
- いいなぁ……！　ゆったりしてて、なんか聞いてて気持ちが良い＾＾  -- 蜜柑  (2009-08-22 12:28:35)
- 綺麗な歌ですね  -- 闇姫  (2010-01-30 14:20:59)
#comment()