#right(){&furigana()&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
&nicovideo(sm16963897)
作詞：[[マスヒロP]]
作曲：[[マスヒロP]]
編曲：[[マスヒロP]]
唄：初音ミク

//**曲紹介
//-

**歌詞
（[[PIAPRO>>http://piapro.jp/t/A48O]]より転載）

Give me your heart
Give me your love

Give me your voice
Give me your thought

Give me your kiss
Give me your happiness

I would like to monopolize you! 
（あなたを独り占めにしたいから）

Give you my heart
Give you my love

Give you my voice
Give you my thought

Give you my kiss
Give you my happiness

Give you my chocolate

溢れ出すその想いに　お砂糖を溶かして
ふわふわ生クリーム　シェリーはほんの少しだけ
ビターな恋の行方を　テンパリングして
ほろ苦いチョコレート　隠し味はまだ秘密

私だけを見て欲しい　それはいけないことかな？
そのチョコに込めたものは　純粋な恋心

恋しくって、寂しくって
キミのこと　ずっと見てた
その癖も　その仕草も
全部知ってるから

全部知ってるから

愛したって、愛したって
それだって、足りなくって
君以外は　いらなくって
そう、だから・・・

溢れ出すその想いが　私を変えていく
滴る赤い雫　隠し味は少しだけだから
キミさえいてくれれば　それだけでいいから
他の人も、世界も　消えてしまってもいいよ

キミのすべてが欲しいの　誰にも渡さないから
ナイフに込めたものは　純粋な恋心

「悲しむことはないから、私がそばにいるよ」
「ほらもう怖くないから、私の他に誰もいないから」

I love you, so that I am mad. 
（私は狂おしい程に、あなたを愛しています。）
I have changed owing to you.
（あなたによって、私は変わってしまった。） 

Any longer, it cannot return. 
（もはや、後戻りはできません。） 
However, to return is not required. 
（しかし、戻る必要はありません。）

Besides you, it is unnecessary. 
（あなたの他には必要ありません。）
Everybody but you may disappear. 
（あなたの他は消えてしまっても良いのです。）

Therefore, please die in comfort. 
（ですから、安心して死んでください。）
I protect and love you. 
Therefore, please die in comfort. 
（ですから、安心して死んでください。）
I protect and love you. 
（あなたは私が守り、愛します。）

Give me your heart
Give me your lung

Give me your voice
Give me your brain

Give me your lip
Give me your face

Because you belong to me.
（あなたは私のものだから。）

Give you my heart
Give you my leg

Give you my hand
Give you my brain

Give you my giblets
Give you my blood

Give you my chocolat

Give you my love!
Give you my blood!!


**コメント
#comment()