#right(){&furigana()&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
&nicovideo(sm21913995)
作詞：[[MCI_Error]]
作曲：[[MCI_Error]]
編曲：[[MCI_Error]]
唄：初音ミク V3(ENGLISH)

**曲紹介
-イラストは ノイズム氏 が手掛ける。

**歌詞
（[[PIAPRO>>http://piapro.jp/t/_kHZ]]より転載）

aimlessly i wander in this strange world,
sometimes i look up at the stars.
the sky is navy blue.
the ground is very dark,
unconsciously, i mutter to myself.

alone here, I strain my ears under the moon.
a lonely song sounds from somewhere.
it might resemble your voice.
it is a dim singing voice.
that low voice quickly spreads out far.

cold night wind surrounds me.
nipping at my heart and soul.
you're not here with me,i feel so lonely.
your warm songs will calm me down.

a desolate place is coming in my sight
the morning feels far to me
a flower is soft blue
my lips are cold and shake
i must go farther far away

sometimes I hear your low singing voice
i long for it so much.
i was the one that didn't hear
your pleas to "stop it".
we're going to be far apart.

the cold night wind surrounds me.
nipping at my heart and soul.
you're not here with me, i feel so lonely.
your warm songs will lift me up.

yes, i still keep on loving you.
though i chose to be here in loneliness
yes, i still keep on loving you.
(oh i still love you, baby...)

#region(日本語訳詞)
あてもなく異世界をさまよってる私
時々星を見上げる
空は濃い蒼
大地はとても暗い
無意識に私はつぶやいてる

たった一人、月光の下で耳を澄ます
どこか遠くからさびしげな歌が聞こえる
それは君の声に似てる気がする
か細くて消えそうな声
ふと気づくといつの間にか声はまた消えてしまう

冷たい夜風が私を包んで
私を震えさせる
君がここに居なくてとてもさびしいけど
君の歌は私を穏やかにしてくれる

目の前に荒れた台地だけが広がってる
いつになったら朝が来るんだろう
花は淡い蒼
唇は寒さに震えてる
けど私はもっと遠くに行かなくちゃ

ときどき君のかすかな歌声が聞こえる
どれだけそれを望んでることだろう
君が「やめておけ」って言うのを振り切って
飛び出したのは私のほうなのに
私たちはとても遠くに離れていくばかり

冷たい夜風が私を包んで
私を震えさせる
君がここに居なくてとてもさびしいけど
君の歌は私を元気付けてくれる

私はまだ君を愛してる
ここで孤独で居るのを決めたのは私なのに
そう、私はまだ君を愛している
#endregion


**コメント
- いいね！！！！  -- 名無しさん  (2014-06-26 21:42:12)
#comment()