#right(){&furigana(Iknow)【検索用:&furigana()&space(2)登録タグ:&tags() 】}
#region(close,目次)
目次
#contents()
#endregion
|&nicovideo(sm23736689)|&youtube(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ea9QN_EOZAQ){342,187}|
作詞：[[アキバヲタP]]
作曲：[[(∵)キョトンP]]
編曲：[[(∵)キョトンP]]
動画：[[(∵)キョトンP]]
唄：[[結月ゆかり（English）>結月ゆかり]]、[[Ninezero]]（Ninezero版）

**曲紹介
>（∵）ヨッシャー！ピアノロックだぜ！
曲名：『&u(){I know}』
-全部英語の歌詞はアキバヲタPが調教もやってくれました！感謝！！（作者コメ転載）
//-動画は(∵)キョトンPのお手製。


**歌詞
It's my days deceived every day by an actress.
I tried by an actress named "the time".
But I have the key which can rewind time.
My daily life is because it's my thing.
It's only me that my daily life is played.

I'm created by envying of something.
I will grow up by taking something.
You in the very front should close its eyes despair.
I become your eyes and play the future world.

How do you think of that ridiculous actress?
Really worthless.
Our freedom is not a thing threatened by such an actress.
We must be one's world best leading role.
Do you think so?
Abandon a useless escape sense.The future is waiting.

I'm created by envying of something.
I will grow up by taking something.
You in the very front should close its eyes despair.
I become your eyes and play the future world.

Listen carefully at the night when crying echoes.
Open eyes wide at the night when somebody cries.
Many people grieve in the world that you do not know.
It is the tragedy which comes to us equally.

I know.
This sorrow is made with the tears of that actress.
I become an actor for me.
Because there is you in me,I roll it up and play you.
Please pray for me.
The voice that you pray for becomes the best praise.
Best audience of my life is you.
Therefore I delight you by my performance until I die.
Please entrust all it to me.
You have only to look.

The actress makes fan of us by a poor performance today.
But do you know it?
In fact, that actress is ourselves.
There is sense to create the future to anyone.
She only plays our creation.
Therefore don't be afraid.

I'm created by envying of something.
I will grow up by taking something.
I'm created by envying of everything.
I will grow up by taking everything.
You in the very front should close its eyes despair.
I become your eyes and play the future world.

It's my days deceived every day by an actress.
You tried by an actress named "the time".
But You have the key which can rewind time.
Your daily life is because it's your thing.
It's only you that your daily

**コメント
#comment()