#right(){&furigana(clear)&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
&nicovideo(sm25723763)
作詞：CIRCRUSH（[[Circus-P]]、[[Crusher-P]]）
作曲：CIRCRUSH（[[Circus-P]]、[[Crusher-P]]）
編曲：CIRCRUSH（[[Circus-P]]、[[Crusher-P]]）
唄：[[GUMI>Megpoid]] V3(English)

**曲紹介
>&bold(){Hiii! It's Crusher-P! Sorry the video was down before. It's back now!}
>&bold(){Thank you so much on all of the support with ECHO! It meant so much that you like my and CircusP's music!! With this song, we want you to know that no matter how many people try to put you down and make you feel bad about yourself, you need to trust yourself. You are fantastic, every single one of you! I love you! We were very lucky to have Shiva do the art, she did a great job. :-)}
-Circus-PとCrusher-Pのユニット「CIRCRUSH」第3弾。
-PVのイラストはShiva氏が手掛ける。
-『[[EXIT TUNES PRESENTS Entrance Dream Music]]』収録曲。

**歌詞
（[[Vocaloid Wiki>>http://vocaloid.wikia.com/wiki/Crystalline]]より転載）

Tell me what to say
And lead me through the shadows
Show me the escape
Where you go I will follow

I left behind
All that I used to be
So that you'd stay with me

And you've become
Everything that I need
For my sanity

How can something so enticing
Have such awful side effects?
All the itching and the scratching
From withdrawal keeps me out of check

I am fixated
On all of the things
We were together...
But those are fragments
That are better off
Lost forever

I'm falling apart piece by piece
To shards of what you have made of me
But I've risen above all that I have become
Turned from the pain I was trained to love

I left behind
All that I used to be
But this time
I did it for me
And you were everything I needed
To set me free

"I am not going to be scared any more."
"I will not run."
"Nothing will stop me."
"I am much stronger than you'll ever give me credit for."
"I won't let you belittle me."
"You can't hurt me."
"I am strong."
"I am fearless."
"I survived."
"I'm proud of myself."
"I love myself."
"I'm happy."
"I don't need you."
"I'm unstoppable."
"I am brave."
"I'm a good person."
"Never again."
"I did this for me."

If I cut the strings
That held me hostage
Would I fall and shatter?
If that's what it takes
To breathe again
Would it even matter?

How can something so enticing
Have such awful side effects?
All the itching and the scratching
From withdrawal keeps me out of check

I am fixated
On all of the things
We were together...
But those are fragments
That are better off
Lost...

And just
How can something so enticing
Have such awful side effects?
All the itching and the scratching
From withdrawal keeps me out of check

I am fixated
On all of the things
We were together...
But those are fragments
That are better off...
Lost forever!!

**コメント
- かっけえ！！  -- 名無しさん  (2015-05-30 19:37:27)
- かこいいいい伸びてーーーー！！！  -- 名無しさん  (2015-06-09 22:07:34)
- 伸びろおおおおお！ハマったーーーー  -- 凍る  (2015-06-10 22:28:59)
- いいなこれ  -- 名無しさん  (2015-11-12 05:33:35)
- echoに続きまたもや神曲  -- 名無しさん  (2015-11-13 11:19:03)
- これは久々に神曲に出会った  -- 名無しさん  (2015-11-13 11:50:52)
- wild fireで凄いって思ってたけどやっぱりこの二人は最高だと思った。  -- 名無しさん  (2016-01-01 14:20:50)
- 発音凄くて格好いい　やっぱりこの人達最高  -- 名無しさん  (2016-03-15 04:37:48)
- gumi大好き！　ハマった！  -- 漆黒の堕天使  (2016-04-10 18:32:14)
- 素晴らしいです！  -- 名無しさん  (2016-07-06 03:32:29)
- 和訳見たい…  -- 名無しさん  (2016-07-20 18:35:23)
- ほんとかっこいい  -- 名無しさん  (2016-08-28 20:39:53)
- カッコよすぎるので、 ECHOぐらいに。  -- 名無しさん  (2016-09-05 22:34:31)
- かっこいい( ( (o(*ﾟ▽ﾟ*)o) ) )  -- 霧野蘭丸  (2016-12-14 23:35:42)
- 和訳が欲しい＿＿！  -- 名無しさん  (2017-02-03 22:40:16)
#comment()