#right(){&furigana(DummyMarch)【検索用:&furigana()&space(2)登録タグ:&tags() 】}
#region(close,目次)
目次
#contents()
#endregion
|&nicovideo(sm22061049)|&youtube(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4V9qNncRrk){342,187}|
作詞：[[モモカシュー]]（和訳：[[Shius>シウス]]）
作曲：[[モモカシュー]]
編曲：[[モモカシュー]]
イラスト：[[水梦]]（[[foriio>>https://www.foriio.com/xxsuimxx]]）
唄：[[Oliver]]・[[鏡音レン>鏡音リン・レン]]

**曲紹介
>&b(){人間かダミーか、所詮は同じもの。}
曲名：『&u(){Dummy March}』（&u(){だみー まーち}）
-モモカシュー氏 による狂気を孕んだ、レトロなハロウィンソング。
-Oliverが英語パートを、鏡音レンが一部を除くスキャットを担当。
//-和訳を [[Shius>シウス]]氏 が手掛ける。

**歌詞
//（[[引用元のサイト>>引用元のURL]]より転載）
Chilly autumn wind leaves blushes on your skin
With your pumpkin baggy, starts another journey
What kind of candy?
How many will there be?
What kind of dirty tricks will you pull out this time?
&color(dimgray){冷たい秋の木枯らしが肌を赤らめる中}
&color(dimgray){可愛らしいカボチャの袋を持って 新しく旅立つ}
&color(dimgray){何のキャンディーが}
&color(dimgray){何個出るんだろう}
&color(dimgray){今度はどんな悪戯を仕掛けてやろうか}

“Hello, Mister Werewolf”
“What an ugly tail”
“Aren’t you ashamed at all?”
“Get lost”
&color(dimgray){「こんにちは、狼男さん」}
&color(dimgray){「まあ、なんてみっともない尻尾なの」}
&color(dimgray){「恥じらいも無いの？」}
&color(dimgray){「消えて」}

“You’re not invited, stinky bunch”
“No one wants you here taking all our fun”
Words you speak so loud and proud
Go right in my heart and never come out
“That’s not allowed, break up right now”
“Mister Mustard, Mister Ketchup”
And you pretend nothing happened
Down goes spoon full of floating island
&color(dimgray){「誰もお前らを呼んでなんかいないよ」}
&color(dimgray){「誰もかもお前らなんかに自分の楽しみを奪われたくないんだ」}
&color(dimgray){あなたが得意げに言うその言葉は}
&color(dimgray){心に刺さり二度と出て来ない}
&color(dimgray){「ダメだよ 離れなさい」}
&color(dimgray){「ミスターマスタード、ミスターケチャップ」}
&color(dimgray){そしてあなたは何も起こらなかったかのように振舞うんだ}
&color(dimgray){フローティング・アイランドいっぱいのスプーンを落とした}

Strawberry shortcakes
Banana chocolate crepes
No matter how much you eat
You will always be empty
Espresso jelly
Sugar raisin cookies
You are dummies
All of these are unnecessary
&color(dimgray){苺ショートケーキ}
&color(dimgray){チョコレートとバナナのクレープ}
&color(dimgray){どれだけ食べても}
&color(dimgray){あなたは空っぽのまま}
&color(dimgray){コーヒーゼリー}
&color(dimgray){レーズンクッキー}
&color(dimgray){あなたは本当にダミー（おバカさん）だね}
&color(dimgray){こんなもの 全部いらないのに}

“Nice to meet you, Mermaid”
“Aren’t you over weight?”
“Why don’t you get more in shape?”
“Lazy”
&color(dimgray){「ごきげんよう、人魚さん」}
&color(dimgray){「あらあら、あなたはおデブさんね」}
&color(dimgray){「もうちょっと痩せようとは思わないの」}
&color(dimgray){「怠け者」}

“You’re not important”
“Attention, please”
“All eyes on me and me only”
Protected by wooden shells
Living in a world all by yourselves
“There’s only one God for us all”
“You are wrong and you should burn in Hell”
Given up your abilities to think
Saying all these words you don’t understand
&color(dimgray){「おまえは重要じゃないよ」}
&color(dimgray){「みんな こっちに注目して」}
&color(dimgray){「全ての視線を僕だけに向けて」}
&color(dimgray){木の殻に守られて}
&color(dimgray){自分ひとりの世界に浸って}
&color(dimgray){「私達の神様は一人しかいない」}
&color(dimgray){「間違っているあなたは地獄に落ちて死ぬがいい」}
&color(dimgray){考える能力を放り出して}
&color(dimgray){意味の分からない言葉を吐き捨てて}

Dummies gathered
Vulgarly marching across the street
“Hey there, open up”
“Trick or treat?”
&color(dimgray){ダミーの集まりが}
&color(dimgray){町を卑しく行進してまわる}
&color(dimgray){「ほらほら、開けてちょうだい」}
&color(dimgray){「トリック・オア・トリート」}

“You know that you have no talent”
“So stop wasting our oxygen”
“You’ll never get as great as them”
“Did you even try to be a normal person?”
“All I have for you is disappointment”
“When can I raise my expectations?”
Covering my ears won’t do anything
All your curses pierce through my skin
&color(dimgray){「あなたには才能が無いんだ」}
&color(dimgray){「だから私達の酸素を無駄にしないでちょうだい」}
&color(dimgray){「彼らほどあなたは偉くなんかなれないわ」}
&color(dimgray){「普通の人になる努力もしていないの？」}
&color(dimgray){「私があなたに持っている感情なんて失望しかないよ」}
&color(dimgray){「あなたはいつ期待に添うことができるかしら」}
&color(dimgray){耳を塞いでも何もならない}
&color(dimgray){冷たい言葉が肌に突き刺す}

Is it my fault for feeling hurt?
Is it my fault for trusting you first?
Is it my fault that I heard your curse?
Is it my fault that I read your words?
You are only dummies without hearts
But your faces look exactly like ours
Again and again I try to buy
Your over-priced “constructive criticism”
&color(dimgray){痛くなるのは僕のせいなの？}
&color(dimgray){あなたを信じた僕のせいなの？}
&color(dimgray){あなたの悪態を聞いた僕が悪いの？}
&color(dimgray){あなたの言葉を読んでしまった僕のせいなの？}
&color(dimgray){あなた達はみんな心を持たないダミー（傀儡）だ}
&color(dimgray){それでも僕たちと良く似ている}
&color(dimgray){幾度も、幾度も僕は買ってしまうんだ}
&color(dimgray){あなたの高すぎる「建設的な批評」を}

Tulapeetata Luppashah
Tuleeluteffetah Teelalupapa
Lah


**コメント
//- 歌詞乙。和訳まで付けてくださってありがとうございます！レンくんもオリバーも可愛い！！  -- 悪斗  (2015-09-22 09:08:54)
- 素晴らしい  -- 暮夜  (2016-09-08 21:14:55)
- すごい、いい曲！  -- ばななあいす  (2016-12-13 20:41:05)
- 和訳ありがたい…！！  -- 名無しさん  (2022-01-29 22:37:51)
#comment()