#right(){&furigana()&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
|&nicovideo(sm24802421)|&youtube(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CnHtaYiTrVM){342,187}|
作詞：[[モモカシュー]]
作曲：[[モモカシュー]]
編曲：[[モモカシュー]]
唄：Oliver

**曲紹介
>&bold(){ダミーはだーれ？}
-モモカシュー氏 によるハロウィンソング。
-イラストを Nai氏 が手掛ける。

**歌詞
（[[piapro>>http://piapro.jp/t/5Vsi]]より転載）

Sipping my pumpkin spice with pumpkin pie
All the flavours warm and nice
Caramel cheesecake stuffed peanut dynamite
Tonight
I’m marching down this crooked street
Searching for you once again
All the cavities over my body
Will you fill them in for me, please?

All you want is for me to let you rest in peace
Isn’t that easy?

I’ve tried to be more like you
Maybe you should do something too
Given up all my greed and desires
Not that you would care
My apologies are no trick or treat
And I bet you know it’s true
When are we gonna stop this game and move on?

If I am a dummy
What does that make you?
Tell me please
I just don’t know what to do

RIP
How many pieces of lies are you going to bake?
Spitting maggots
Not so lovely are you, I’m afraid?
How many cakes
How many cherries of mine are you going to take?
With this moldy skin
Dislocated legs
And no sympathy thrown my way

All you want is for me to lose my sanity
It is quite easy

I know you want me gone
But heaven nor hell would let me through
Sorry for wasting your oxygen
I will try again
Cut me up with your scissors
And my intestines go loose
When are we gonna start another game once more?

If I’m still a monster
Then so are you too
A monster who humiliates me for food


Lattatulee paleela
Tuleepalle looleellappapa
Lattupulle toleella
Tuleepalle looleellappapala


All you want is for me to return your sanity
That’s so easy

We’ve stabbed each other enough already
The pain cannot undo
It takes only one of us to quit
But neither of us wants to lose
You’re doing this for my own good
Though your love it leaves me bruised
If you really cannot forgive me
Then I’ll fight too
Can’t you see?
I’m bleeding a maple syrup pool
Candy marshmallow toffee crème brûlée
Keeps me awake
Sweet darling my little dummy
Do you have to be such a fool?
Half eaten berry lollipop pierces through your skull

Maybe I’m really a monster just like you
Craving for your bittersweet pumpkin dummy juice
Maybe I’m responsible for things that I do
But come on
For a dummy that can’t be true

**コメント
//- I know you want me gone But heaven nor hell would let me through Sorry for wasting your oxygen I will try again Cut me up with your scissors And my intestines go loose When are we gonna start another game once more?  -- 名無しさん  (2015-10-30 02:29:59)
//- If I’m still a monster Then so are you too A monster who humiliates me for food  Lattatulee paleela Tuleepalle looleellappapa Lattupulle toleella Tuleepalle looleellappapala  All you want is for me to return your sanity That’s so easy  -- 名無しさん  (2015-10-30 02:31:40)
//- We’ve stabbed each other enough already The pain cannot undo It takes only one of us to quit But neither of us wants to lose You’re doing this for my own good Though your love it leaves me bruised If you really cannot forgive me Then I’ll fight too Can’t you see? I’m bleeding a maple syrup pool Candy marshmallow toffee crème brûlée Keeps me awake Sweet darling my little dummy Do you have to be such a fool? Half eaten berry lollipop pierces through your skull  -- 名無しさん  (2015-10-30 02:34:10)
//- Maybe I’m really a monster just like you Craving for your bittersweet pumpkin dummy juice Maybe I’m responsible for things that I do But come on For a dummy that can’t be true  -- 名無しさん  (2015-10-30 02:35:16)
//- コメント怖い  -- 名無しさん  (2015-10-30 13:42:04)
- モモカシューさんのOliver、ほんとに好き！！！尊敬します・・・  -- 名無しさん  (2015-11-02 19:04:06)
- カタカナ歌詞ほしいっすね  -- (^-^)  (2016-06-05 21:51:12)
- 流石モモカシューさんだ  -- 名無しさん  (2019-10-20 19:26:43)
- モモカシューさんのセルフカバーないのかな…？  -- 名無しさん  (2021-12-21 17:43:25)
#comment()