#right(){&furigana(FunkbeatJunkbeat)【検索用:&furigana()&space(2)登録タグ:&tags() 】}
#region(close,目次)
目次
#contents()
#endregion
|&nicovideo(sm28367510)|&youtube(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYXnjDBCpV4){342,187}|
作詞：[[nyanyannya]]
作曲：[[nyanyannya]]
編曲：[[nyanyannya]]
絵：[[予感子]]
動画：[[原]]
唄：[[KAITO]]

**曲紹介
>&bold(){大☆遅☆刻！！}
曲名：『&u(){Funk beat≠Junk beat}』
-KAITOお誕生会2016の遅刻組。2月過ぎてますよー。
-濱神肖像コンポーネント16.5
-「[[ドクター＝ファンクビート]]」の姉妹曲。
-日本語ライブラリで英語のラップに挑戦です。
-エレクトロスウィング系の楽曲で、すぐにノリノリになれます。
-KARENTレーベルよりダウンロード販売が行われている。

**音楽配信
&ref(http://karent.jp/npdca/1902_20160516160020_0280_0280.jpg)

|CENTER:前作|CENTER:本作|CENTER:次作|
|CENTER:[[シスター＝セクトルージュ]]|CENTER:&bold(){Funk beat≠Junk beat}&br()[[ハイパーゴアムササビスティックディサピアリジーニャス]]&br()[[私男と俺女]]|CENTER:[[カドワナルカ＝サーガ]]|

発売：2016年6月8日
価格：￥300
流通：配信
レーベル：[[KARENT>>http://karent.jp/album/1902]]
ジャケット：[[予感子>>http://piapro.jp/yokan]]

|&bold(){[[iTunes Storeで購入する>>http://itunes.apple.com/jp/album/funk-beat-junk-beat-single/id1116563668]]}|
 
***曲目
+Funk beat≠Junk beat （feat. KAITO）
+Funk beat≠Junk beat Off Vocal


**歌詞
（動画より転載）

(Dr. Funk=Beat...)

Lots of idiot souls line up,
and say the same way
"Please give me happiness right now"
That hoary rickety cranky door rings ding-dong

Hi, you wanted to see me now? (Yes, my doctor)
To see me now?
You wanted to see me now? (Yes, my doctor)
To see me now?
Do you want to see me now? (Yes, my doctor)
To see me now?
Do you miss me now?
(Get on!)

"Doctor! Swinging bite my leg"
Why do you hurt? Sweetheart, it's your conscience!
(Dr. Funk=Beat)
NX! NX! NX! NX! (Get on!)
Your fakes make shakes, wow it's too late,
come on, will you rag that jiggy tune?
(Dr. Funk=Beat)

Hey! Faker as you say, if loads of people are
in pain, in grain, in the insane world,
haha... how can you sleep at night?

Don't throw down a worn-out gage
It's only raise a pressure gauge
If you pour out fuels,
should I throw in brand-new towel?

Are you happy now? (Yes, my doctor)
Happy now? (Yes, my doctor)
Are you happy now? (Yes, my doctor)

DAI.TEN.SAI. (Get on!)

"Doctor! Swinging breaks my neck"
How do you call? Medically, it's your soul!
(Dr. Funk=Beat)
NX! NX! NX! NX! (Get on!)
Grave is your place, and you are slave
Come on, will you rag that jiggy tune?
(Dr. Funk=Beat)

Get happy soon...

R.I.P.

//ここから下の文章は削除しないでください。使用する場合があります。
//楽曲制作者あるいは関係者以外が公開した有名な関連動画、楽曲制作者あるいは関係者による公開であっても大幅なアレンジ/二次創作に分類される関連動画はこちらに置いてください。
//**関連動画
//|&nicovideo(ここにニコニコ動画のURLを貼り付け)|&youtube(ここにYouTubeのURLを貼り付け){342,187}|
//
**コメント
- 追加おつ！  -- 名無しさん  (2016-04-17 09:50:49)
//- これ歌えたら相当カッコイイだろうなあ  -- 名無しさん  (2016-04-22 18:15:42)
- 素敵...！  -- 名無しさん  (2016-05-05 19:40:59)
- そゆことか  -- 蒼空  (2016-07-02 20:43:35)
- わざわざ他のDB使う辺り、やっぱ英語DBはラップに向いてなかったんだな。  -- 名無しさん  (2017-10-31 08:09:00)
- 英語難しい  -- 青いオタク  (2024-08-30 13:12:02)
#comment()

//※編集できる方。不適切なコメントを排除する場合は、削除するのではなくコメントアウトでお願いします。
#include(曲の追加の仕方/告知)