#right(){&furigana(せかいときみとぼく)&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
|&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm28822642)|&youtube(http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oAlTJQONtGY)|
作詞：[[うたたP]]
作曲：[[うたたP]]
編曲：[[うたたP]]
唄：GUMI

**曲紹介
-その選択に後悔はありませんか。
-イラスト：めりる

**歌詞
（[[ブロマガ>>http://ch.nicovideo.jp/utatap/blomaga/ar1025999]]より転載）

ずっと一緒だよって　あれからどれくらいかな
平凡な毎日に　キミの姿はなかった

気が付いてたけど　知らないフリして
久しぶりだね　ゴメンね　素直じゃなくて

少しのキッカケと　大事な選択を
後悔はしたくないから

僕は君の助けに　君は僕の強さに
時の流れに逆らって

世界と君を選ぶのなら　僕はすぐに君を選ぶよ
大切なものはすぐ傍に　手を取り合って終わりを
二人で進む未来を

わだかまりだとか　常識だとか
ルールだとか　他人の目だとか
障害だとか　変化だとか
絆だとか　邪魔させない

世界と君を選ぶのなら　僕はすぐに君を選ぶよ
大切なものはすぐ傍に　手を取り合って終わりを
二人で進む未来を

世界と君を選ぶのなら　僕はすぐ世界を選ぶよ
これからの道もすぐそこに　君のいない幕開け
まだ見ぬ先のストレンジライフ

#region(close,英訳)
（[[ブロマガ>>http://ch.nicovideo.jp/utatap/blomaga/ar1025999]]より転載）

"We are friends forever!"
How much time has passed since then.
I was living without you.

I missed you every day, but I didn't say it.
Long time no see. I'm sorry, I wasn't honest.

There were few opportunities.
I will not miss the important choice.
I don't want to regret anymore.

I will help you, and you will help me.
I will against the flow of time.

If I must choose the world or you, I will choose you.
I know what is most important to me.
Let me grab your hand.
We will see the end of the world, and our new future.

Grudge, common sense, rules, people's attention,
obstacles, changes, friendship, get away from us.

If I must choose the world or you, I will choose you.
I know what is most important to me.
Let me grab your hand. We will see the end of the world, and our new future.

If I must choose the world or you, I will choose the world.
I will find the new way. It begins without you,
the Strange life which is still unseen.
#endregion


**コメント
- 追加乙。  -- 名無しさん  (2016-05-11 19:33:04)
#comment()