#right(){&furigana(けもののわるつ)【検索用:&furigana()&space(2)登録タグ:&tags() 】}
#region(close,目次)
目次
#contents()
#endregion
|CENTER:日本語版&br()&nicovideo(sm29374204)|CENTER:英語版&br()&nicovideo(sm29370994)|
|&youtube(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pyQ-pFUR5m0){342,187}|&youtube(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mAOkKi36894){342,187}|
|>|CENTER:第一弾[[「彷徨いスター」>彷徨いスター]]＜＜第二弾「ケモノのワルツ」（ここ）＞＞第三弾[[「謎解き少女ふしぎ譚」>謎解き少女ふしぎ譚]]|
作詞・漫画原作：[[辰野つみき]]
翻訳：[[KoKo]]&s(){（[[Twitter>>https://twitter.com/QueenKodachii]]）}
作曲：[[Nem]]
編曲：[[Nem]]
イラスト：[[たま]]
動画：[[まきのせな]]
ガットギター：[[成田旬]]（[[Twitter>>https://twitter.com/UsugataNY]]）
発音指導：ノワール&s(){（[[Twitter>>https://twitter.com/voix_de_noir]]）}
唄：[[GUMI>Megpoid]]（日本語版）／[[GUMI English>Megpoid]]（英語版）

**曲紹介
曲名：『&u(){ケモノのワルツ}』
-歌う英単語シリーズ第二弾。
-日本語verでストーリーを把握してから英語verを繰り返し聞くと覚えやすいと思います。（投稿者コメントより）
-この楽曲を元にした漫画verは[[こちら>>https://seiga.nicovideo.jp/watch/mg185238]]。

**歌詞
***日本語歌詞
（動画歌詞より書き起こし）

中世の王国　とある城
支配する　傲慢な王
政治なんかにゃ無関心
今日も居眠り
会談にも参加せず
議論中も大あくび
そこへ隣国の外交官
流暢に語りだす

退屈しのぎにご覧あれ
異国の珍しい　哺乳類
絶滅危惧種の生き物よ
さあさ命じりゃ踊りだす

合図をすれば　奇妙なケモノ
その身をひねって　へんてこダンス
飼いたくなって　見つめる王は
夢中になって　不思議な魅力に溜息ついた

嫉妬深い王はうらやんで
大臣の忠告　無視をして
輸入させる指示をした
ケモノひざの上
けれど　エサを与えても
チラと見て食べやしない
助言乞うと外交官
大げさに言った

ケモノの習性寂しがり
毎夜宴会開きなさい
労働なんぞ馬鹿げてる
禁ずる条約　施行せよ！

国じゅうの奴隷　耕すのやめて
貴族も役人も　クルクル踊る
幼いケモノは　優雅な曲に
うっとり満たされて
ぐんぐん育って跳ね回る

季節は巡り冬の始まり
穀物ほとんど食い尽くし
育ったケモノ毛並みを変えて
呼び起こされた野生の本能

なんと哀れな光景だ！
愚かな好意に感謝します
ケモノの群れの革命だ
さあ植民地乗っ取れ！

子を孕んでは　孵化して増えて
獰猛野蛮生肉を喰らう
広がる害に民は訴え
抗議をすれど　
ケモノの侵略大惨事

地位も領土も失って
宮殿追われその後は
ケモノにふけり森の中
王様ひとり
微笑ってた

***英語歌詞
A Medieval Kingdom deep in a castle
There reigns a king but, he's an arrogant hassle.
With politics all he shows is indifference
He's always napping away.
Participating in summits, he doesn't.
During discussions, he yawns when he shouldn't
A fancy diplomat from a neighboring country
Enters and speaks fluently.

Kill all your boredom by looking this way
A mammal exotic and rare has come to play
This is an endangered species, after all
and when instructed, it dances when you call

Then upon hearing its cue
This creature so odd and so new
Twisting her body askew
A peculiar dance will ensue
Owning this guest is tempting
The king is intently gazing
Fascinated and intrigued
This charming creature is making him swoon and sigh

The king is jealous and filled with envy
His minister's warnings, disregarded completely
The king's only interest refers to importing
The new creature onto his lap
Despite attempting to feed this creature
She glances at it but the gesture won't reach her
The king is begging and needs to consult him
Exaggerating, he replies

Loneliness often is this creature's trait
Feasting every night would make it feel great
Labor is simply an absurdity so
A treaty to ban it all must be enforced

Slaves nationwide left at hand 
cease cultivating the land
Aristocrats and the officials
Get to twirling and dancing away
This creature, still in infancy
Hears graceful tunes it fancies
Satisfaction is filling its mind
Rapidly growing, it moves and skips in time

The seasons rotate and change, winter has set in
Virtually all of their grain's (has) been eaten
The creature, fostered and loved, shifted with its fur
This wild instinct awakens the beast deep inside...

My, what a miserable sight to behold
In appreciation of silly favors
Beasts flock together in revolution
They occupy colonies that were strong

Pregnant and breeding at night
They hatch and then multiply
Fierce and savage in a fight
Eating flesh that's still raw from the bone
Widespread, they're all causing harm
The nation appeals in alarm
All their protest is in vain
The invasion is disastrous all the same

Territories gone, and stripped of title
From his old palace he has been displaced
Afterwards the beast indulged in the forest
where the king sits all alone.
Today he'll laugh some more


#region(closed,PC向け対訳表示)
|CENTER:日本語歌詞|CENTER:英語歌詞|強調された英単語&br()&br()|h
||||
|中世の王国　とある城|A Medieval Kingdom deep in a castle|中世の：Medieval　王国：Kingdom　城：castle|
|支配する　傲慢な王|There reigns a king but, he's an arrogant hassle.|支配する：reign　傲慢な：arrogant|
|政治なんかにゃ無関心|With politics all he shows is indifference|政治：politics　無関心：indifference|
|今日も居眠り|He's always napping away.|居眠りする：nap|
|会談にも参加せず|Participating in summits, he doesn't.|首脳会談：summit　参加する：Participate|
|議論中も大あくび|During discussions, he yawns when he shouldn't|議論：discussion　あくびをする：yawn|
|そこへ隣国の外交官|A fancy diplomat from a neighboring country|外交官：diplomat　隣の：neighbor|
|流暢に語りだす|Enters and speaks fluently.|流暢に：fluently&br()&br()|
||||
|退屈しのぎにご覧あれ|Kill all your boredom by looking this way|退屈：boredom|
|異国の珍しい　哺乳類|A mammal exotic and rare has come to play|異国の：exotic　珍しい：rare　哺乳動物：mammal|
|絶滅危惧種の生き物よ|This is an endangered species, after all|絶滅寸前の：endangered　種族：species|
|さあさ命じりゃ踊りだす|and when instructed, it dances when you call|指示する：instruct&br()&br()|
||||
|合図をすれば　奇妙なケモノ|Then upon hearing its cue. This creature so odd and so new|合図：cue　奇妙な：odd　生物：creature|
|その身をひねって　へんてこダンス|Twisting her body askew a peculiar dance will ensue|ひねる：twist　変な：peculiar|
|飼いたくなって|Owning this guest is tempting|所有する：own　魅惑する、～する気にさせる：tempt|
|見つめる王は|The king is intently gazing|熱心に：intently　じっと見つめる：gaze|
|夢中になって|Fascinated and intrigued|魅了する：fascinate|
|不思議な魅力に溜息ついた|This charming creature is making him swoon and sigh|魅力的な：charming　ため息をつく：sigh&br()&br()|
||||
|嫉妬深い王はうらやんで|The king is jealous and filled with envy|嫉妬深い：jealous　うらやむ：envy|
|大臣の忠告　無視をして|His minister's warnings, disregarded completely|大臣：minister　警告：warning　無視する：disregard|
|輸入させる指示をした|The king's only interest refers to importing|指示する：refer　輸入する：import|
|ケモノひざの上|The new creature onto his lap|ひざ：lap|
|けれど　エサを与えても|Despite attempting to feed this creature|にもかかわらず：despite　エサを与える：feed|
|チラと見て食べやしない|She glances at it but the gesture won't reach her|ちらっと見る：glance|
|助言乞うと外交官|The king is begging and needs to consult him|乞う：beg　助言を求める：consult|
|大げさに言った|Exaggerating, he replies|大げさに言う：exaggerate&br()&br()|
||||
|ケモノの習性寂しがり|Loneliness often is this creature's trait|習性：trait|
|毎夜宴会開きなさい|Feasting every night would make it feel great|宴会：feast|
|労働なんぞ馬鹿げてる|Labor is simply an absurdity so|労働：labor　馬鹿げたこと：absurdity|
|禁ずる条約　施行せよ！|A treaty to ban it all must be enforced|禁ずる：ban　条約：treaty　施行する：enforce&br()&br()|
||||
|国じゅうの奴隷　耕すのやめて|Slaves nationwide left at hand cease cultivating the land|奴隷：slave　耕す：cultivate　やめる：cease|
|貴族も役人も|Aristocrats and the officials|貴族：aristocrat　役人：official|
|クルクル踊る|Get to twirling and dancing away||
|幼いケモノは|This creature, still in infancy|幼年期：infancy|
|優雅な曲にうっとり満たされて|Hears graceful tunes it fancies. Satisfaction is filling its mind|優雅な：graceful　曲：tune　満足：satisfaction|
|ぐんぐん育って跳ね回る|Rapidly growing, it moves and skips in time|急速に：rapidly　跳ねる：skip&br()&br()|
||||
|季節は巡り冬の始まり|The seasons rotate and change, winter has set in|循環する：rotate　はじまる：set in|
|穀物ほとんど食い尽くし|Virtually all of their grain's (has) been eaten|ほとんど：virtually　穀物：grain|
|育ったケモノ毛並みを変えて|The creature, fostered and loved, shifted with its fur|育てる：foster　変わる：shift　毛皮：fur|
|呼び起こされた野生の本能|This wild instinct awakens the beast deep inside....|本能：instinct　呼び起こす：awaken　獣：beast&br()&br()|
||||
|なんと哀れな光景だ！|My, what a miserable sight to behold|哀れな：miserable|
|愚かな好意に感謝します|In appreciation of silly favors|愚かな：silly　好意：favor　感謝：appreciation|
|ケモノの群れの革命だ|Beasts flock together in revolution|群れ：flock　革命：revolution|
|さあ植民地乗っ取れ！|They occupy colonies that were strong|植民地：colony　占領する：occupy&br()&br()|
||||
|子を孕んでは　|Pregnant and breeding at night|孕んだ：pregnant　育てる：breed|
|孵化して増えて|They hatch and then multiply|孵化する：hatch　増える：multiply|
|獰猛野蛮|Fierce and savage in a fight|獰猛な：fierce　野蛮な：savage|
|生肉を喰らう|Eating flesh that's still raw from the bone|肉：flesh　生の：raw|
|広がる害に|Widespread, they're all causing harm|広げた：widespread　害：harm|
|民は訴え|The nation appeals in alarm|国民：nation　訴える：appeal|
|抗議をすれど　|All their protest is in vain|抗議する：protest　|
|ケモノの侵略大惨事|The invasion is disastrous all the same|侵略：invasion　悲惨な：disastrous&br()&br()|
||||
|地位も領土も失って|Territories gone, and stripped of title|領土：territory　肩書き：title|
|宮殿追われ|From his old palace he has been displaced|宮殿：palace　追い出す：displace|
|その後はケモノにふけり森の中|Afterwards the beast indulged in the forest|その後：afterwards　ふける、おぼれる：indulge|
|王様ひとり|where the king sits all alone.||
|微笑ってた|Today he'll laugh some more||
#endregion()

//ここから下の文章は削除しないでください。使用する場合があります。
//楽曲制作者あるいは関係者以外が公開した有名な関連動画、楽曲制作者あるいは関係者による公開であっても大幅なアレンジ/二次創作に分類される関連動画はこちらに置いてください。
//**関連動画
//|&nicovideo(ここにニコニコ動画のURLを貼り付け)|&youtube(ここにYouTubeのURLを貼り付け){342,187}|
//
**コメント
- テーブルだけよりテーブル+改行の方が良いかな....英語歌詞の方は後で頑張る  -- 名無しさん  (2016-09-16 16:46:52)
- おおッ！頑張ってください！  -- 名無しさん  (2016-09-16 17:39:05)
- スマホで見た時に崩れることからテーブル表示はPCように折りたたみ。それぞれの歌詞を上に追加しました。あとは適宜お直し下さいませ。  -- 名無しさん  (2016-09-17 11:30:42)
- すげえ！  -- 名無しさん  (2016-09-17 12:05:40)
- ↑↑お疲れ様！  -- かのん  (2016-09-17 15:41:59)
#comment()

//※編集できる方。不適切なコメントを排除する場合は、削除するのではなくコメントアウトでお願いします。
#include(曲の追加の仕方/告知)