#right(){&furigana(さまよいすたー)【検索用:&furigana()&space(2)登録タグ:&tags() 】}
#region(close,目次)
目次
#contents()
#endregion
|CENTER:日本語版&br()&nicovideo(sm28396792)|CENTER:英語版&br()&nicovideo(sm28403572)|
|&youtube(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drSz5MGYEDA){342,187}|&youtube(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZN3hsiORqKY){342,187}|
|>|CENTER:－－－＜＜第一弾「彷徨いスター」（ここ）＞＞第二弾[[「ケモノのワルツ」>ケモノのワルツ]]|
作詞：[[辰野つみき]]
翻訳：[[チューン]]（[[Twitter>>https://twitter.com/SeraphicTune]]）
作曲：[[10日P]]
編曲：[[10日P]]
イラスト：[[葵山わさび]]
動画・漫画原作：[[辰野つみき]]
唄：[[GUMI>Megpoid]]（日本語版）／[[CYBER DIVA]]（英語版）

**曲紹介
曲名：『&u(){彷徨いスター}』(&u(){さまよいすたー})
-歌う英単語シリーズ第一弾。
-日本語verでストーリーを把握してから英語verを繰り返し聞くと覚えやすいと思います。（投稿者コメントより）
//-作曲：10日P、絵：[[葵山わさび]]、動画：辰野つみき、翻訳：チューン、作詞、漫画原作、漫画の動画化：辰野つみき

**歌詞
***日本語歌詞
（動画歌詞より書き起こし）

くもりのち洗濯日和
天気予報は　そう告げたけど
降ってきたのは…宇宙人！？
漫画みたいにぶつかった
礼儀正しくて　小ざっぱり
比較的いい印象の
君が突然の要求
「Hello there 僕と結婚して」

運命の出会い…と思ったら
宇宙なまりで失礼なあいさつ
晴れ時々のきまずい雰囲気だわ

無数に漂う　星たちから
遠く離れた　この惑星を
きみはひとりで探し出した
男の心理は謎だね
「常識のない君の態度
普通は素敵で適切な
交際期間が必要不可欠なのです！」
…と　断った

その後、かなり間をおいて
メッセージ通知　届いたけど
時差なの？　からかっているの？
10年って遅すぎでしょ！
多少の賛辞じゃ　足りないよ？
メッセージ開いてみたんだ
「君ニ咲ク　花届ケタイ
平行宇宙ニ　取リニ行ク」

ねえ君の　そっけない言葉は
翻訳機ないと理解不能
語彙足らずで組み上げた
詩のようだわ

直径2km　半球の星
どこかの星雲に　在るんだろう
キミが送ったメッセージは
哲学のように対話にならない
けれどもなぜだか理解できた
だから気づいた　自分の感情
私キミが好きなんだね
だけど、わざと　返信を
遅らせよう

そらの月が描いた軌跡
二人を隔てる境界線
近いのに遠い　矛盾してるね
モヤモヤしちゃう　あいまいな距離

月末の余暇になったら
白いひかえめのドレスに着替えて
約束なしでキミに
会いに行こう！

運賃5ドル　観光列車
流星の跡をたどってく
高度を上げて急上昇
窓から見える人工衛星
乗客ひとり花嫁さん
乗組員はぬいぐるみで
手荷物はもう輸送済みさ
快適な観光旅行だね

いくつか名所経由して
免税店でお買いもの
おみやげたくさん買ったから
二人でおしゃべりしよう

***英語歌詞
Today's forecast was announced as a cloudy
followed by some sun, perfect for drying laundry
Almost as if I was in a cartoon
I bumped into an alien descending
At first he seemed polite looking quite tidy and neat
And he left a relatively good impression
Suddenly, had for me a crazy demand
“Hello there marry me , please become my bride”

I suppose ... This might be a fateful encounter
He greeted me quite rudely with a weird alien dialect
It became sunny, between us was a sometimes awkward atmosphere

From the countless endless drifting stars in the universe
You came on your own, here to this remote little planet
Searching by yourself, I wonder why you are so strange
Male psychology can be such a mystery
Your behavior and words are ... lacking some common sense
So I rejected your proposal by saying that ...
“Generally, something indispensable 
is  an adequate and splendid period
of acquaintance”

Suddenly, from you I received a notice
After a fairly long interval of time
Was it due to a time lag or just mean prank?
Isn’t a decade just way much too late?
Just a small compliment is insufficient ya know?
So I opened the message from you that said
”I want to deliver blooming flowers to you,
From a parallel universe, I’ll fetch for you”

The super brief words you use are too hard for me
With no translation device... I just can’t comprehend
Seems like poetry composed with a lack of 
vocabulary
 
In a hemisphere of 2 km diameter
In which galaxy might you possibly be located?
The message that you transmitted to me is too hard,
Philosophical to the point we can’t have dialogue
Somehow I came to a slow gradual understanding
Therefore I became conscious of my growing feelings
I think I’m fond of you, in a like-like way
But I’ll deliberately delay my response 
just a little more

The moon in the night sky trails along and draws an orbit
There’s a boundary line dividing the two of us
We’re so close yet we’re so far, it feels like a paradox
It’s confusing this sort of vague, ambiguous distance

At the end of the month, during my leisure hours
I’ll change into a modest white dress just so I can go see you
Without making an appointment ahead of time,
Off I go to you

There was a five dollar fare for the sightseeing train
Following behind in the trail of a shooting star
Gaining altitude we soared into the skies
From my window I see an artificial satellite
The only passenger on board is a bride to be
By the way, the whole crew is made up of stuffed animals
All my baggage has been transported there
What a comfortable sightseeing train that I am on

Traveling by stars, stopping by several landmarks
Shopping at the duty free store, glad there’s no tax
After buying lots of great souvenirs
Let us chat away, just the two of us

#region(closed,PC用対訳表示)
|日本語歌詞|英語歌詞|強調された単語&br()&br()|h
||||
|くもりのち洗濯日和　天気予報はそう告げた|Today's forecast was announced as a cloudy followed by some sun, perfect for drying laundry|（天気）予報：forecast　発表する：announce　洗濯：laundry|
|まるで漫画みたいに|Almost as if I was in a cartoon|漫画、アニメ映画：cartoon|
|ぶつかったのは…降ってきた宇宙人！？|I bumped into an alien descending|下降する、降る：descend　宇宙人：alien　ぶつかる、ごつんとあたる：bump|
|礼儀正しくて　小ざっぱり|At first he seemed polite looking quite tidy and neat|礼儀正しい：polite　きちんとした：tidy　小奇麗な、清潔な：neat|
|比較的いい印象の|And he left a relatively good impression|比較的に：relatively　印象：impression|
|君が突然の馬鹿げた要求|Suddenly, had for me a crazy demand|要求：demand|
|「Hello there 僕と結婚して花嫁になってよ」|“Hello there marry me , please become my bride”|結婚する：marry&br()&br()|
||||
|運命の出会い…と思ったら|I suppose ... This might be a fateful encounter |運命的な：fateful　偶然の出会い：encounter　...と思う：suppose|
|宇宙なまりで失礼なあいさつ|He greeted me quite rudely with a weird alien dialect |あいさつする：greet　失礼に、無作法な：rudely　奇妙な、変な：weird　なまり：dialect|
|晴れ時々のきまずい雰囲気だわ|It became sunny, between us was a sometimes awkward atmosphere|きまずい、ぎこちない：awkward　雰囲気、空気：atmosphere&br()&br()|
||||
|無数に漂う　星たちから|From the countless endless drifting stars in the universe |無数の：countless　漂う、漂流する：drift|
|遠く離れた　この惑星を|You came on your own, here to this remote little planet |離れた、遠方の：remote　惑星：planet|
|きみはひとりで探し出した|Searching by yourself, I wonder why you are so strange |（くまなく）捜す：search|
|男の心理は謎だね|Male psychology can be such a mystery |男性の：male　心理：psychology　|
|常識のない君の態度|Your behavior and words are lacking some common sense |態度、ふるまい：behavior　常識：common sense　|
|↑↓でキミの告白を断った|So I rejected your proposal by saying that ... |断る、拒絶する：reject　告白、提案：proposal|
|普通は素敵で適切な交際期間が必要不可欠なのです|“Generally, something indispensable is an adequate and splendid period of acquaintance”|普通は、一般的には：general　必要不可欠な、絶対必要な：indispensable　適切な、十分な：adequate　素敵な：splendid　期間：period　交際、知り合い：acquaintance&br()&br()|
||||
|突然メッセージ通知　届いた|Suddenly, from you I received a notice|通知：notice|
|あの後、かなり間をおいていたけど|After a fairly long interval of time|かなり、だいぶ：fairly　間、間隔、合間：interval|
|時差なの？　からかっているの？|Was it due to a time lag or just mean prank?|時差、時間の遅れ：time lag　|
|10年って遅すぎでしょ！|Isn’t a decade just way much too late?|10年間：decade|
|多少の賛辞じゃ　足りないよ？|Just a small compliment is insufficient ya know?|賛辞、おせじ：compliment　足りない、不十分な：insufficient|
|メッセージ開いてみたんだ|So I opened the message from you that said||
|「君ニ咲ク　花届ケタイ| “I want to deliver blooming flowers to you,|届ける、配達する：deliver　（花が）咲く：bloom　|
|平行宇宙ニ　取リニ行ク」|From a parallel universe, I’ll fetch for you”|平行な：parallel　宇宙：universe　...を取ってくる：fetch&br()&br()|
||||
|ねえ君の　そっけない言葉は|The super brief words you use are too hard for me|そっけない、簡潔な：brief　|
|翻訳機ないと理解不能|With no translation device... I just can’t comprehend|翻訳する：translate　装置、端末：device　理解する：comprehend|
|語彙足らずで組み上げた詩のようだわ|Seems like poetry composed with a lack of vocabulary|...みたいな、...のように見える：seem　詩：poetry　組みあげる、構成する：compose　足りない、欠乏、不足：lack　語彙：vocabulary&br()&br()|
||||
|直径2km　半球の星|In a hemisphere of 2 km diameter|半球：hemisphere　直径：diameter|
|どこかの星雲に　在るんだろう|In which galaxy might you possibly be located?|星雲、銀河：galaxy　ひょっとしたら：possibly　存在する、位置する：locate|
|キミが送ったメッセージは|The message that you transmitted to me is too hard,|送る、伝える：transmit|
|哲学のように対話にならない|Philosophical to the point we can’t have dialogue|哲学の：philosophy　対話：dialogue|
|けれどもなぜだか理解できた|Somehow I came to a slow gradual understanding|なぜか、どういうわけか：somehow　　|
|だから気づいた　自分の感情|Therefore I became conscious of my growing feelings|...だから、それゆえ：therefore　感情、意識：conscious|
|私キミが好きなんだね|I think I’m fond of you, in a like-like way|好きで：fond|
|だけど、わざと　返信を遅らせよう|But I’ll deliberately delay my response just a little more|わざと：deliberately　遅らせる、遅延：delay　返信、返事：response&br()&br()|
||||
|そらの月が描いた軌跡|The moon in the night sky trails along and draws an orbit|描く：draw　軌跡：orbit|
|二人を隔てる境界線|There’s a boundary line dividing the two of us|境界線：boundary　隔てる、分割する：divide|
|近いのに遠い　矛盾してるね|We’re so close yet we’re so far, it feels like a paradox|矛盾、逆説：paradox|
|モヤモヤしちゃう　あいまいな距離|It’s confusing this sort of vague, ambiguous distance|もやもや、戸惑わせる：confuse　あいまいな、漠然とした：vague　あいなまいな、あやふやな：ambiguous　距離：distance&br()&br()|
||||
|月末の余暇になったら|At the end of the month, during my leisure hours|余暇：leisure|
|白いひかえめのドレスに着替えて|I’ll change into a modest white dress just so I can go see you|ひかえめな、謙虚な：modest　|
|約束なしでキミに会いに行こう！|Without making an appointment ahead of time, Off I go to you|約束：appointment&br()&br()|
||||
|運賃5ドル　観光列車|There was a five dollar fare for the sightseeing train|運賃、料金：fare　観光：sightseeing|
|流星の跡をたどってく|Following behind in the trail of a shooting star|辿る、後についていく：follow　跡、痕跡：trail|
|高度を上げて急上昇|Gaining altitude we soared into the skies|...を得る：gain　高度：altitude　上昇する、舞い上がる：soar　（gaining altitudeで高度を得る→高度を上げる）|
|窓から見える人工衛星|From my window I see an artificial satellite|人工の：artificial　衛星：satellite|
|乗客ひとり花嫁さん|The only passenger on board is a bride to be|乗客：passenger　花嫁：bride|
|乗組員はぬいぐるみで|By the way, the whole crew is made up of stuffed animals|乗客員：crew　ぬいぐるみ：stuffed animal|
|手荷物はもう輸送済みさ|All my baggage has been transported there|手荷物：baggage　輸送する：transport|
|快適な観光旅行だね|What a comfortable sightseeing train that I am on|快適な：comfortable　&br()&br()|
||||
|いくつか名所経由して|Traveling by stars, stopping by several landmarks|いくつかの：several　名所、史跡：landmark|
|免税店でお買いもの|Shopping at the duty free store, glad there’s no tax|関税：duty 税金：tax|
|おみやげたくさん買ったから|After buying lots of great souvenirs|おみやげ、記念品：souvenir|
|二人でおしゃべりしよう|Let us chat away, just the two of us|おしゃべりする、談笑する：chat&br()&br()|
#endregion()

**コメント
- ケモノのワルツほど単純な対訳表示にできないのでテーブル表記は悩み中  -- 名無しさん  (2016-09-18 15:27:21)
- ↑ありがとうございます！頑張ってください  -- かのん  (2016-09-18 15:28:29)
- お疲れ様！！  -- 名無しさん  (2016-09-18 16:28:55)
- 対訳表示追加。歌詞と一部違うけど気にしないでいただければ幸いです。あと、今回思いっきり横に長くなってしまったので、見やすいように訂正していただけると嬉しいです。  -- 名無しさん  (2016-09-18 23:32:22)
#comment()