#right(){&furigana()&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
|&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm29706909)|&youtube(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mNejtKF_DSk){342,187}|
作詞：[[アンメルツP]]
作曲：[[アンメルツP]]
編曲：[[アンメルツP]]
唄：巡音ルカV4X・GUMI English
コーラス：鏡音リン・レンV4X

**曲紹介
>魂は消えても、音楽は消えない。
-[[samfree]]氏をオマージュしたユーロビート楽曲。
-イラストは 59氏 が手掛ける。
-歌詞中にsamfree氏の楽曲のタイトルが含まれている。

**歌詞
（[[piapro>>http://piapro.jp/t/HvDb]]より転載）

I'm in the [[endless>メグメグ☆ファイアーエンドレスナイト]] [[night>ルカルカ★ナイトフィーバー]]mare of [[fever>ルカルカ★ナイトフィーバー]]

"See you later" They were your last words
Unbelievable, But this was [[reality>Gravity=Reality]]
[["Fate of soul">Fate of Soul～ピリオドの向こうの闇～]] was [[missing>Missing/samfree]] suddenly
Oh, you seemed to get up if I called to you

Closed the way, [[world>New Worlds God]] of despair
I can't sing your new song anymore
Will I just wait to decay? And, do you get my feelings?

(*1)Oh God, you are so harsh. It's like a [[perfect crime>Perfect Crime]]
Even if there are not enough talent in [[heaven>ユカユカ☆ヘヴンリーナイト]]
Why did you take away my [[legend>ピコピコ☆レジェンドオブザナイト]] so early?
Cry and cry everyday
I'm in the endless nightmare of fever

You are precious for me and others
When I sing your song, my [[heart>Prism Heart]] is always [[burning>リリリリ★バーニングナイト]]
Though you were the closest in the world
Now you were gone, I couldn't make a good [[promise>Promise/samfree]]

[[Happiness>トキメキはぴねす☆]], [[Emotion , Love>えもラブ]]
I won't forget that you told me
Joy of sing, unchanged voice
We also have many things

Goddess, you are unfair. Were you jealous of me?
I know it to be true, all living things are [[fated>Fate of Soul～ピリオドの向こうの闇～]]
[[Bye-Bye]], you were my hope. But I should face forward
Music is never fade
I'm still waiting for next [[daybreak>Daybreak/samfree]]

Your lyrics, your melody
I wanna sing more well for you
for living, keep on singing
Let's open and [[walk this way>Walk This Way!]]

Oh baby, can you see that many people dance?
Everyone looks so fun
Your songs are still shining.
Rest in peace, [[tender wind>Tender Wind]]. 
I'm proud of sing your song
Music is never fade
I will go in search of daybreak

(*1 Repeat)



【意訳】

終わりなき悪夢の熱にうなされている

「行ってきます」それが最後の言葉だった
信じられない、でもこれは本当のこと
「魂の運命」は突然失われた
呼びかけたら起き上がりそうなくらいに見えたのに

閉ざされた道、絶望の世界
もうあなたの新しい曲を歌うことはないんだ
朽ち果てるのをただ待つだけなの？
この気持ちがわかりますか？

(*1)神様、あなたはなんて残酷なの
これはまるで完全犯罪
いくら向こうに才能ある人が足りないとしても
なんで私のレジェンドをこんなに早く連れていったのよ？
涙が止まらない
終わりなき悪夢の熱にうなされている


あなたは私にとっても、他の人にもかけがえのないもの
あなたの歌を歌うときは、いつも心が燃えているの
[[世界で一番近くに居たのに>世界で一番近くに居るのに]]
今では遠くに行ってしまった、約束を果たせなかった

幸せ、感情、そして愛
あなたが教えてくれたものはずっと忘れない
歌うことの楽しさ、変わらない声
私にもたくさんのものがある、それを多くの人に伝えたい

神様、あなたは不公平ね。私がうらやましかったの？
全ての生きる者の行く末、そんなことはわかってるけど
バイバイ、あなたは私の希望だった
でも前を向かなくちゃ
音楽は消えない、まだ次の夜明けを待ち続けている


あなたの歌詞、「[[君のメロディー]]」
もっと上手にあなたの歌を歌いたい
生きるため、歌を歌い続けよう
この道を切り開いて歩いてゆくんだ

ねえ、たくさんの人が踊っているのが見える？
みんな楽しそうだわ
あなたの歌は、いまだ輝きを放っているのよ
穏やかな風とともに、安らかにお眠りください
あなたの歌を歌えたことを誇りに思う
音楽は消えない、また次の夜明けを探しにいこう

(*1 Repeat)

**コメント
- 追加乙です。アルバムで好きになった曲でした！  -- 名無しさん  (2016-09-28 00:17:41)
- 追加乙です　途中の「カモーン！！」やばい  -- 名無しさん  (2016-09-28 15:52:13)
#comment()