#right(){&furigana(Copycat)【検索用:&furigana()&space(2)登録タグ:&tags() 】}
#region(close,目次)
目次
#contents()
#endregion
|&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm28868044)|&youtube(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_QEPrkwZ-Q){342,187}|
作詞：[[Circus-P]]
作曲：[[Circus-P]]
編曲：[[Circus-P]]
唄：[[GUMI English>Megpoid]]
イラスト：Sleppu

**曲紹介
>&bold(){&color(green){Imitation is the highest form of flattery...right?}}
>&color(green){(模倣は表敬の最上級方法…ですよね？)}
曲名：『&u(){Copycat}』
-邦題は『&b(){真似っ子さん}』。

**歌詞
Say ”Hello, Who are you?”
And we'll start from scratch again
”Gotta go, Talk to you soon!”
Day by day, I'm fading away

We get along just fine
I say everything you like to hear
”It's funny how much I
Feel like I'm looking in a mirror.”

I can't remember...
Who I am
Everything's a blur...
Take me over

I'LL BECOME WHAT YOU LIKE
THIS IS WHAT YOU'VE WANTED,RIGHT?
SACRIFICE ALL I KNOW
I WILL TEACH MYSELF TO LET GO

COPY THAT, COPYCAT


Say ”Hello, What's up with you?”
I'm starting to Talk like you do
Here we go I'll be go soon
Day by day, Everything has changed

We've grown apart this time
I can't figure out the reason why
”It's funny how much I'd
Kinda like to see you cry.”

I can't remember...
Who I am
Everything's a blur...
Take me over

I'LL BECOME WHAT YOU LIKE
I AM WHAT YOU`VE WANTED,RIGHT!?
SACRIFICE ALL I'VE KNOWN
I HAVE TAUGHT MYSELF TO LET GO

COPY THAT, COPYCAT


I can't remember
Who I am
everything's a blur
take me over

I'll become what you like
this is what you've wanted... right?
sacrifice all I know
I will teach myself to let go

(WHOA...)

COPY THAT, COPYCAT

**[[雄之助]]氏によるRemix
&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm29080136)

**コメント
- おおッ！！おおおッ？？？新曲か？？？  -- 名無しさん  (2016-10-19 00:48:15)
- 2番のサビの二行目｢THIS IS WHAT YOU&#039;VE WANTED, ｣じゃなくて｢I AM WHAT YOU`VE WANTED,RIGHT!?｣ですよ.  -- 名無しさん  (2016-12-22 18:53:07)
- めっちゃ良い‼︎‼︎‼︎  -- 名無しさん  (2016-12-26 07:13:37)
- かっこいい！！もっと伸びろ！  -- 名無しさん  (2017-05-05 12:44:54)
- 歌詞が所々微妙に間違ってたり抜けてる…  -- 名無しさん  (2017-09-12 17:29:02)
- かっこよすぎ  -- 名無しさん  (2018-01-06 20:06:57)
- 好き  -- 名無しさん  (2018-01-12 19:46:29)
- 英語の読み方とかカタカナで書いてくれればもっとわかりやすいんだよなぁ(^0^;)  -- 名無しさん  (2018-02-28 21:28:45)
//- ニコニコに意味不明なコメントしちゃった　消したい  -- 名無しさん  (2018-10-09 18:26:11)
- 英語の読み方は自分で頑張りましょう  -- 名無しさん  (2018-12-29 09:37:28)
- 英語習ってるから読み方は分かる  -- 名無しさん  (2020-08-12 15:05:02)
- 中毒性が高い曲だと思う  -- 名無しさん  (2020-09-04 20:48:00)
- この曲やっと見つけた！！  -- ココア  (2020-11-28 13:07:34)
- この曲かっこいい  -- テト  (2023-02-12 00:36:38)
- ラスサビで三段回ぐらい転調してる…好き…  -- いなみ  (2023-02-12 00:53:14)
- 神曲〜　かっこいい！！  -- 🥹  (2024-03-18 21:04:03)
#comment()