#right(){&furigana(peace of the world)【検索用:&furigana()&space(2)登録タグ:&tags() 】}
#region(close,目次)
目次
#contents()
#endregion
&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm3075818){340,185}
作詞：[[Love&P]]
作曲：[[Love&P]]
編曲：[[Love&P]]
唄：[[初音ミク]]・[[鏡音リン>鏡音リン・レン]]

**曲紹介
曲名：『&u(){peace of the world}』
-Love&P氏のP名の由来となった作品。

**歌詞

耳をすませばきこえだすよ
動き出したら気づきだすよ

争い続けて何を見るの？
どこまで行けばいいの？

手をつなごう　願い合おう
笑顔あふれて　恐れるものなんかないさ
肩を並べて
あきらめず　支え合おう
希望と勇気　ほら　そこにあるから
さぁ行こう　夢を信じて


ひとつだけでも分かち合えるよ
君が泣くなら私も泣くよ

競い続けてて終わりはあるの？
どこまで行けばいいの？

認め合って　輪を紡ごう
助け合えたら恐れるものなんかないさ
手を差し伸べて
いつまでも　和を紡ごう
輝く命　ほら　そこにあるから
さぁ行こう　共に歩んで


勝ちと負けがあるのは
本当の価値を知る為

手をつなごう　願い合おう
愛の力で　恐れるものなんかないさ
心安らげ
どこまでも　手をつなごう
平和な世界　ほら　そこにあるから
さぁ行こう　扉開いて



**英訳歌詞

If you listen closely,you can hear it
If you make one step,you will realize

What can you see…from the ever-lasting conflict?
Where shall I go? 

Hold our hands together,Wish together
With a smile on our face,noting to be afraid of
Stand together
Do not give up,Support each other
Hope and courage,See,it's right there
Let's go…Trust in the dreams


even if there's only one,we can still share
If you cry,I will cry with you

The war keeps on going…When will it end?
Where shall I go?

Just accept each other from the circle
and if we can help each other,there will be no fear
hould out our hands
For all the eternity from the peace
and the lives that shine through,See,it's just there
Let's go…Let's walk side-a-side


If there is winning or losing
to find it's real value

Hold our hands together,Wish together
and the power of love,there' nothing to be afraid of
With peace of mind
To and from anywhere,Hold our hands together(all the time)
In the peaceful world,See,it's right there
Let's go…and open the door 
 

**コメント
- 修正版きてたんで、サムネ張り替えました。  -- 名無しさん  (2008-04-24 22:53:18)
- 世界に飛び立ってくれ!音楽の妖精よ!!  -- しゅーにゃん  (2008-10-17 01:23:17)
- 勝手ですが、英訳歌詞をつけさせていただきました。  -- 名無しさん  (2009-04-04 10:31:29)
- ほろ泣きしてしまいました・・・！！  -- mi-nzura  (2009-11-03 13:01:05)
//- 素人評論家UZEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE  -- 名無しさん  (2022-10-08 15:43:33)
- 特に最後の方鳥肌やばい  -- 名無しさん  (2022-10-08 15:44:08)
#comment()
