#right(){&furigana()&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
|&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm6266044)|&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm6896073)|
作詞：[[ラマーズP]]
作曲：[[ラマーズP]]
編曲：[[ラマーズP]]
唄：巡音ルカ

**曲紹介
-「&bold(){オレがヴォーカリオンだ}&br()みたいな気分になれるかはあなた次第」（作者コメント）
-基となる英語版が難産となり、先に発表された日本語版から約2ヶ月遅れて英語版が発表された。

**歌詞
（配布zip梱包のテキストファイルより転載）
***日本語版
信じてる　いつか此処に戻ること
けれどくじけそうで
ぬくもりが欲しくて
涙を流すの

走り出す
あなたの元へ
そばで触れられるなら
離れたくない

胸が痛むほどに叫んだ
待たされる事に耐えなくて
祈る


見つめてる　幸せの行く先へと
握る胸の痛みを
逃げるように隠した
前を向いて

崩れゆく
眩い閃光
冷たい指輪のよう
あなたはいない

気づくように　大空を切り裂いた
定めた矛先突き出して
愛を秘める


走り出す
あなたの元へ
そばで触れられるなら
離れたくない

胸が痛むほどに叫んだ
待たされる事に耐えなくて
祈る

***英語版
I believe that you come back to me sometime.
But the loneliness is discouraging me.
Give me your warmth and stand by me. 
Tears flow out of my eyes. 

May my soul fly high 
to the place where you are. 
If I could be with you again,
I'd never let you leave me.

So I cried aloud. Heart was painful forever. 
I have lost my patience with waiting for your return
pray calmly.


There I find the loss of you instead of you. 
To hide the twinges in my chest, 
I'm keeping my eyes from the truth 
by getting forward.

Now that you are lost,
there's no hope for me. 
Only the coldness of this ring tells me
"He never returns to you." 

I shout my wish to the high heavenly sky. 
The arrow of sorrow is swallowed in nihility 
to erase you from my mind.


May my soul fly high 
to the place where you are. 
If I could be with you again,
I'd never let you leave me.

So I cried aloud. Heart was painful forever. 
I have lost my patience with waiting for your return
pray calmly.

**コメント
#comment()