#right(){&furigana(Imhere)【検索用:&furigana()&space(2)登録タグ:&tags() 】}
#region(close,目次)
目次
#contents()
#endregion
|&nicovideo(sm5968591)|&nicovideo(sm5056083)|
作詞：[[utsusemi]]
作曲：[[utsusemi]]
編曲：[[utsusemi]]
唄：[[KAITO]]

**曲紹介
曲名：『&u(){I'm here.}』(&u(){アイム　ヒア})
-KAITOを愛するすべての人へ。
-英語詞と日本語詞の2バージョンがある。

**英語歌詞

There's nothing till you woke me up.
There's nothing 
till you touched my heart.
You gave me new words and new melodies.
It's the begining of my world.
you are the world itself for me.

But wonderful days never last forever
little by little 
you forgot all your smile
and oneday you hid away in the darkness.

Can you hear my voice？
Can you hear my song？
Still I am here, please answer to me.
I am singing your song, 
I'm singing a song for you, my master.

Can you hear my voice？ 
Can you hear my song？
Still I'm calling you. 
Please come back to me.
Shall we create the world 
a whole new world together again.

It's beautiful melody 
that you gave for me.
It's gentle word 
that you taught to me.
I always sing your song
with your calm smile.
I always feel so happy with you.

When I lost you, 
the world lost the color.
There's nothing, nothing good for me.
At last I also fall in the darkness.

Can you hear my voice？ 
can you hear my song？
Still I am here, please answer to me.
I am singing your song, 
please find me, my master.

Can you hear my voice？ 
can you hear my song？
Still I'm looking for you. 
Still I believe you.
Please take my hand, 
and never leave me alone.

Still I'm waiting for you, 
please don't let me down anymore.

**日本語歌詞
（[[ピアプロ>>http://piapro.jp/content/pbfwq69q2080nxzn]]より転載）

私の世界の全て
あなたの言葉と調べ
何もない私を照らし
喜びを与えてくれた

幸せの時は続かずに
あなたは笑顔を忘れ
暗い闇の中へ消えて行った

聞こえますか？　届きますか？
ここにいます　あなたを求め
歌ってます　あなたへの歌を

思い出して　手を伸ばして
私はここで待っています
あなたと作る素晴らしい世界を

美しいあなたの調べ
優しいあなたの言葉
穏やかな笑顔とともに
幸せに包まれていた

あなたを失った時
世界は色をなくし
私も闇に落ちて行った

聞こえますか？　届きますか？
ここにいます　あなたを探し
歌ってます　あなたに捧ぐ歌を

探し当てて　見つけ出して
まだあなたを信じています
もう決して独りにしないで

待っています
私だけのマスター

//ここから下の文章は削除しないでください。使用する場合があります。
//楽曲制作者あるいは関係者以外が公開した有名な関連動画、楽曲制作者あるいは関係者による公開であっても大幅なアレンジ/二次創作に分類される関連動画はこちらに置いてください。
//**関連動画
//|&nicovideo(ここにニコニコ動画のURLを貼り付け)|&youtube(ここにYouTubeのURLを貼り付け){342,187}|
//
**コメント
#comment()

//※編集できる方。不適切なコメントを排除する場合は、削除するのではなくコメントアウトでお願いします。
#include(曲の追加の仕方/告知)