#right(){&furigana(DirgeASLEEPINJESUS)【検索用:&furigana()&space(2)登録タグ:&tags() 】}
#region(close,目次)
目次
#contents()
#endregion
|&nicovideo(sm7349398)|
作詞：[[パンドリストP]]
作曲：[[パンドリストP]]
編曲：[[パンドリストP]]
イラスト：[[おおがみだい]]
唄：[[巡音ルカ]]

**曲紹介
曲名：『&u(){Dirge -ASLEEP IN JESUS-}』(&u(){ダージ　-アスリープ　イン　ジーザス-})
-英語ラップ。

**歌詞
（[[ピアプロ>>http://piapro.jp/content/fux119dn3orjb643]]より転載）

Asleep in Jesus! Blessed sleep,
From which none ever wakes to weep;
A calm and undisturbed repose,
Unbroken by the last of foes.

Asleep in Jesus! Peaceful rest,
Whose waking is supremely blessed;
No fear, no woe, shall dim that hour
That manifests the Savior's power.

LaLaLa...

Asleep in Jesus! Oh, how sweet,
To be for such a slumber meet,
With holy confidence to sing
That death has lost his venomed sting!

LaLaLa...
Amen...

Asleep in Jesus! Oh, for me
May such a blessed refuge be!
Securely shall my ashes lie
And wait the summons from on high.

Asleep in Jesus! Far from thee
Thy kindred and their graves may be;
But there is still a blessed sleep,
From which none ever wakes to weep.

LaLaLa...
Amen...

（公式意訳詩）
「眠れ 主にありて　憩え 主のみ手に
さまたぐる者は　いずこにもあらじ

眠れ 主にありて　憩え 主のみ手に
われらいざ歌わん 「死のとげいずこ」と

眠れ 主にありて　憩え 主のみ手に
まかせたるものに　恐れのかげなし

眠れ 主にありて　憩え 主のみ手に
主は覚ましたもう とこしえの朝に」

//ここから下の文章は削除しないでください。使用する場合があります。
//楽曲制作者あるいは関係者以外が公開した有名な関連動画、楽曲制作者あるいは関係者による公開であっても大幅なアレンジ/二次創作に分類される関連動画はこちらに置いてください。
//**関連動画
//|&nicovideo(ここにニコニコ動画のURLを貼り付け)|&youtube(ここにYouTubeのURLを貼り付け){342,187}|
//
**コメント
#comment()

//※編集できる方。不適切なコメントを排除する場合は、削除するのではなくコメントアウトでお願いします。
#include(曲の追加の仕方/告知)