#right(){&furigana(Dummy Clock)【検索用:&furigana()&space(2)登録タグ:&tags() 】}
#region(close,目次)
目次
#contents()
#endregion
&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm2540963){340,185}
作詞：[[束子P]]
作曲：[[束子P]]
編曲：[[束子P]]
唄：初音ミク

**曲紹介
曲名：『&u(){Dummy Clock}』

**歌詞
Let me see... Maybe it was about end in last fall.
The your first public speech was "I will 'fall' in love".
I was a daughter brought up carefully, and I knew nothing about.
It took much time for me to understood it.


Who said that I was made by God, for the first time?
If it was true, surely he was half asleep... Oh, my God!

※
I'm like a dummy clock that cannot tick away, become disgusted with me.
For all that, my tick-tack wants to have me discovered anytime.
Don't you like a dummy clock? If possible, hang a sign of the "under repair".
Without you I cannot do anything, put up with my a little blunder.

Recently you are always ringing somebody.
Did you get tired of me? I feel lonely, lonely...
"I have a lesson that I can make friends with you, everyday".
That was very well put, do you think that I'm cheated?

In fact, I'm a good singer than you are thinking.
But I don't let you listen to my song, ...I don't lie!

※
I'm like a mean clock that on the roadside, so that I want to blubber.
But don't leave me like it, I have to grow up from present me.
Don't you like a mean clock? If possible, I want to take a crash course at once.
Because I had a dream yesterday that I was laughing with you.

If have my wishes realized, I want to sing a song once again.
I will include my feeling in "non-gimmick rock".

※
After all, I like a dummy clock, because it will be able to done by my thinking.
Step by step, my tick-tack beats faster and faster at that time.
Do you like a dummy clock? Anything are already unnecessary for me.
If I can sing that song very well... (Could you be together forever with me?)

Ah...

**訳
確か去年の終わりごろ……だったかな
あなたがいきなり「恋に落ちそうだ」なんて言ったのは
箱入り娘だったわたしには意味がわからなくて
笑わせてくれようとしてるんだってなかなか気づけなかったっけ

わたしが神様に造られたなんて言い出したのは、いったいどこのどいつよ？
もし本当にそうなら、ずいぶん寝ぼけた神様ね……まったく！

まるで出来損ないの時計みたいで嫌になっちゃう
ちゃんと刻めもしないくせに、カチカチ鳴り響かせちゃってさ
こういうのどう思う？　できれば「修理中です」ってぶら下げておきたいんだけど
全部あなた次第なんだから、ちょっとくらいのヘマは大目に見てよね

最近あんまり構ってくれないね
もしかして飽きちゃったのかな……さびしいよ
「仲良くやってくにはどうすればいいか訊いてただけだよ」だなんて
うまくごまかしたつもりだろうけど、騙されるわけないじゃない

知ってた？　わたし実は歌がうまいんだよ
でもあなたには聴かせてあげないよーだ……うそじゃないもん！

まるでありきたりな時計みたいで泣きたくなっちゃう
このままじゃいけないってわかってるんだけどな
こういうのどう思う？　できれば今すぐいい子になりたいんだよ
だって昨日、あなたと一緒に笑ってる夢を見ちゃったんだもの

もし願いが叶うなら、どうしても歌わせてほしいの
本当の気持ちを乗せた、わたしだけの歌を

出来損ないも悪くないかもね、わたしの好きなように変わっていけるもの
この先に何があるのか考えると、あの時みたいに胸が高鳴ってくるよ
こんなわたしならどうかな？　もう余計なものは何もいらないよ
もしこの想いが届いたら……(ずっと一緒にいてくれますか？)


**コメント
- 何で伸びないのかが不思議なくらい良い歌。最高！  -- 名無しさん  (2008-08-18 10:49:35)
- キー上げとキー下げ、どちらのverもいい!  -- 名無しさん  (2008-12-13 14:51:41)
- このTAB誰か作ってくれ～！ゼロ・ワン挫折した俺が言うのもなんだが  -- 名無しさん  (2009-01-27 17:41:46)
- wonderlast  -- 名無しさん  (2009-11-15 13:16:02)
- すごく好きです。日本語訳もGJ  -- 名無しさん  (2010-05-07 23:48:24)
- 歌詞が可愛すぎるw初期から聞いてるけどいまだに大好きな曲です  -- 名無しさん  (2010-08-14 10:35:18)
- ほんといい曲(・∀・)  -- 名無しさん  (2012-03-04 11:47:39)
- いいきょく！なんで皆知らないんだろぉ…  -- 名無しさん  (2013-01-09 07:22:17)
- 何年も聴いてるけどやっぱり良い曲だなぁ、と・・・  -- 名無しさん  (2014-06-08 21:57:08)
#comment()
