#right(){&furigana()&furigana()【登録タグ:&tags()】}
&nicovideo(http://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm8837393)
作詞：[[モノローグP]]／トニー&トニーの娘（7歳）（英語協力）
作曲：[[モノローグP]]
編曲：[[モノローグP]]
唄：巡音ルカ

**曲紹介
-せんば☆こき
-世界の新着動画完走。

**歌詞
（＜＞内発音なし。）

I just feeling low monday. 
notihng,boring life four days.
I want eating roll pop cakes
I wanna <get> new cloth date for you uh uh uh uh

I just <<the>> walking park on thursday.
on your voice, seeing something oneday.
another feeling Mr DJ.
NO! NO! NO! kiss you close<to> your eyes.
what'is it? all that.

Go through rainbow with you.
uh... all only world's you & me.
Soon, I'll meet you. Too amazing! you love me★

Fantastic! It's to be charming, floating, two love.
Sleepy night uh uh… feeling you.

Fantastic! You are only the dreaming still as a　kiss.

Fantastic! For you! Keeping a happieness love.
Shining light. uh uh....faling love.

Fantastic! You are only my sweetest candy star.


I spend the weekend. Started five day.
Notihng , boring life four days.
I met the cat with beautiful eyes.
I wanna dance with you. uh uh uh uh

I just the thinking <that> will be nice girl.
In your heart how many piece of me?
I find the shop of Mr DJ.
NO! NO! No! You are one for me.
what'is it? all that.

Go through star line with you.
uh... all only world's you & me.
Soon I'll meet you. Too amazing! you love me★

Fantastic! It's to be airy floating two love.
Hold me tight uh uh… feeling you.

Fantastic! We are into the sugar still as kisses.

Fantastic For you! Forever happieness love.
Call me, Knight! uh uh…I can't sleep.

Fantastic! you are only my sweetest fruity star.

***和訳
けだるい月曜日だなあ
なんにもない、つまんない４日間もあるー
おいしいロールケーキ食べたいな
デートのための新しい服欲しいな

木曜日に公園に行ったの
ある日、あなたの声を聞いて何かを思った
Mr DJがいつもと違うふうに思っちゃた
うそうそ！あなたにキスして近づくの
何でだろう？それがすべて

虹を通って行こう　あなたと
うーｍｍ、世界のすべて　あなたとあたし
もうすぐあなたに会える　ステキすぎる　あなたはあたしを愛してる

Fantastic!かわいくってふわふわしてるtwo love
眠いな　夜　うーｍ　あなたを思うの

Fantastic!あたなだけはまるで夢見るキスみたい

Fantastic!happieness loveのままでいて
輝く光, uh。。。。恋に落ちるの

Fantastic！あなたはゆいいつわたしのすてきなcandy starだわ


週末を過ごして　５日間が始まる
なんにもない　つまんない４日間もあるー
きれいな目の猫に会った
あなたと踊りたいな　uhuhuh

ステキな女のこになりたい
あなたのこころの中に　どれだけあたしはいるんだろう？
Mr DJのお店見つけちゃた
うそうそ！あなたはあたしにとってたった一人
何でだろう？それがすべて

星のライン　あなたと行こう
uhuh 世界のすべて　あなたとあたし
もうすぐあなたと会える　ステキすぎる　あなたはあたしを愛してる

Fantastic!　エアリーふわふわしてるtwo love
抱きしめて　uhuh ...あなたを思うの

Fantastic! あたしたちまるで甘いキスみたいね

Fantastic!をあなたに　ずっとしあわせな恋がいいな
電話してよ　眠れないの

Fantastic!　あなたはゆいいつ甘いfruity starだわ

**コメント
- モノローグPがピアプロに上げてる和訳の方がいいのでは  -- 名無しさん  (2009-11-19 23:49:46)
- 当時上がってなかったと思われる。差し替えよろしく  -- 名無しさん  (2009-11-20 18:03:54)
- 歌詞を全てモノローグPのピアプロの方のものにしました。  -- 編集  (2011-05-05 03:34:34)
#comment()